one can argue that in order to become an answerer you first need to be an asker- how would you gather a more then common knowledge information- you need to inquire, thus ask many questions. only then you can answer other's people questions.. . So- He who wants to become an answerer must first be an askerego? No seriously, I try to imagine us all on a continuum of how much stuff we know. There are people higher than me and people lower than me on the path to knowing a lot of stuff. I get advice from the people higher than me on a given subject. A person that is lower than me in one subject is higher than me on another, so I am an asker and an answering. Forever! Always more to know!!Can one truely ever be said to be an answerer? or an asker for that matter? in the manifested world there is to much to be learned in a lifetime? best to be equally be open to both teacher and student.
Because it's cheaper than buying. Or for the thrill.they dont have enough money, and they dont like 2 work full time so they just steal.... i guess!!!Coz, they want something & know that stealing is the only way they can get it as they are too lazy to earn it.because it's fun to have stuff you didn't pay for. it also saves you money.because people are evil...  I don't have enough money... and in the Ten Commandments somewhere it says "thou shall not steal..."
Check out the websites below.  If you want to talk to a Mormon, you can request for representatives of the church to meet with you.The best way to answer that would be to talk to a mormon. Since I'm not, though, I can get you pointed in the right direction. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Church_of_Jesus_Christ_of_Latter-day_Saints. That should give you a place to start from.latter day saints. . They believe that God spoke directly to their founder.I used to be a Missionary for the Church. There's a lot to it, but the best I can do in a short synopsis: After Having been lost for centuries, the same church that Jesus Christ himself established on the earth has been restored to the earth with a living prophet and twelve apostles.
Please check Webster or Infopleasethey are pretty much mean the same. deduction is to take from like to take money from your paycheck and reduction is to reduce like the size of breasts.You may be seeking to know the difference between deduction and induction, two forms of reasoning commonly contrasted.  Reduction.
According to Freud, dreams are thoughts we don't allow ourselves to feel when we are awake. they are our desires, worries, fears...subconscious feelings that show up in dreams.I think there are as many theories about that as psychologists. Why don't you ckech out some sources yourself, see list on link belowDreams are reflection of your total life. They are full of symbols. Just because it seems weird or just totally not you, look for the symbols. .  Dreams are ways to help you through every day life. If you pay attention to them There are many excellent books available and a few web sites with some basic information..   Keep on Dreamin'They probably do, and there's been some good research done on it.  I've given it a lot of thought and I think if you were to read one of these books that interpret dreams you might dream according to what the book tells you.  In other words your concious mind read what your dream is expected to do so your dream forms accordingly.Yes, very much so..............
Because no race has a majority (greater than 50%) in California. Also, there are fewer hispanics than whites (32.4% compared to 46.7% in 2000 according to the Census).Because their population number is less than the other race (majority race)
Globalism, an older term going back to atleast the 1950s, is usually used in regard to geopolitics to indicate an internationalist(vs. isolationist) viewpoint and interests in every corner of the world. Globalization usually refers to the spread of capitalist values and Western popular culture by economic means, especially Free Trade and investment in the Third and developing worlds. There seems to have been a Left-Right flipflop whether the turmoil and changes in "Traditional" societies is a bad thing and glacial socio-political "stability" a populist ideal.I am sending this notice to remind you to choose a best answer
Others claim an association of the practice with particular dire diseases (most often the bubonic plague, or "Black Death," as it is sometimes known). They say an infected person's sneeze was sure sign he'd soon be pushing up daisies, thus the "Bless you!" was intended as a benediction to the nearly-departed, a way of commending his soul to the care of God now that he was beyond the help of anything in the mortal worldmy husband just told me about this one. Awhile ago there was a sickness going around that could kill you in the end. The first signs and symptons of this where sneezing. So people would say god bless you becouse they werent sure you would live or not. and it has still stuck. When someone sneezes we still say god blees you  even though it isnt life threatning anymore.I have two theories:. . -The phrase is used when someone sneezes, since in many cultures it is believed that the soul leaves the body during a sneeze, and God is called on to protect the sneezer from evil spirits at such a vulnerable time. . . -Another suggestion. In Britain there is a very old nursery rhyme called "ring 'o ring 'o roses" in which there is a verse " atishoo, atishoo, all fall down". This goes back to the times of the plague (Pneumonic version) which was characterised by initial sneezing prior to the rest of the symptoms and then probable death. Perhaps the "bless you" comes from these times and expresses hope that the sneeze is innocent in origin.it's good Karma, and they are really hoping NOT to catch you cold and snot...Someone told me, in the olden days they would burn people for being witches.  One of the signs of being a witch was sneezing 3 times consecutively. That is because they believe the heart stops when someone sneezes.  To save someone from being burned as a witch you would God bless them. Terrible choice, die from the sneeze, or die burning. Serious they were to God Bless.When you sneeze, you heart temporally stops. . . It's an insignificant amount of time that your heart stops, but most consider when your heart stops that you've temporarilly died.  Therefore, it is polite to "Bless" someone when they have died.Out of compassion for the sneezer and to wish him / her not to be infected with any illnessA sneeze is one of the devil's many evil deeds.  His goal is to make us sneeze and spread disease or to sneeze while our neck is turned so we break our heads off.  I've broken 2 ribs sneezing before.  So yea, GOD BLESS YOU the devil is poking you!!
i guess that becouse they are /promised to be/ quite hermetic and do be different from the not choosen rest. they rather keep together. and they are alwats very good in what they choose to do - peope are jalous and irritated,,Well, Jews have a different culture, many times take prime roles in the society they are in, have a different religion, and basically are outsiders.. Once a group of people are a bit different, people tend to create generalizations regarding that group and discriminate.Some parts of the globe? How about the four points of the globe. There are a few theories about this, but to answer any of those regarding the Jews having killed the Christ. Sorry, they are only guilty if the target is dead. Their Messiah is alive. Read my study below for details.. . The reason the Jews are so discrimitated and persecuted is because they are God's chosen people. And since Satan is in charge of this world, he will set this world against those who belong and worship this God. How else can you explain it? They have been condemned by the UN over 80 times! Terrorists? Zero!. It is a good question, and I am glad you asked it.I have a lot of jewish frfiends , they are wonderful, intelligent kind-hearted people.  The only thing I can figure out is that due to their intelligence and work-ethic they are the world's best cpaitalists and due to historical hypocritical use of them as money-lenders , in the old days Christians couldn't charge interest, rather than that they would use Jewish people and then half the time dispose of them later.   Edward Longshanks , an English king used Jewish people to finance some of his wars with France.  After the war, he put them in a boat on the Thames to get them out of England, The ship got stuck and the Jewish people got off and ended up drowning.  I believe Jewish peeople have been badly treated by everyone, but I'm ashamed to say as a Christian, mostly by rotten ChristiansBecause we live in a "small minded" world :(it dates back to the biblical days when the jews wanted Jesus dead because he was the messiah and they did not believe that he was they believed he was a trouble maker
We're all shcizos on some level.  You're only crazy if you're certified.diagnosing someone with mental illness is very difficult and should only be done by qualified professionals. Often even trained doctors incorrectly diagnose ppl.. however, having said that there are a few things that might suggest that a person is suffering from schizophrenia. Delusions, an inability to grasp reality, talking in  non-sense, ( ie; patient says "gee i went to the store but all i knew was my head felt like lettuce and gretta garbo made me dance a jig"). also- ppl suffering from it may also see and hear ppl that are not there etc, hear voices in thier heads and so on.. hope that helpsAsk both of them!
The answer depends on your field of concentration. If you're macro'ish, you'll probably consult for finance, some sort of time series forcasting for financial markets. If you're micro'ish it'll be either demand predictions or some public (healthcare, education, etc) policy evaluation.Check out the economic consulting firm "Nera".  It's part of the Mercer group is is very well respected.
As a social scientist who tends to agree with the Weberian agenda for sociology, my point of view is that objectivity is an ideal, but it is simply impossible to reach given that we come to our research topics, our research questions, and even our interpretations from perspectives that are shaped by our values and life experiences. This doesn't invalidate social science, it just shows that the production of social scientific knowledge is the work of social actors who are fundamentally embedded in social relations and frameworks of understanding. Just like anyone else, social scientists cannot escape their own heads into a neutral place from which to observe social reality. Thus, the practice of trying to reach "objectivity" is an exercise in deliberately considering your topic, question, or interpretation from many different angles.It is the same as objectivity in all scientific research.  Objectivity is what leads to accurate and unbiased results.  If you lack objectivity, your results may be skewed or may get nothing done beacuse you completley ignore studies that will not support your point of view.your provide info to a mass group of people and instiatiutions it vital that you study not be biasWithout removing your objectivity during any scientific study, you can easily compromise your research.
Literally, it is the study of work.  Ergonomics focuses on the sorts of manners in which work is performed, and as a discipline, the aim is to reduce or eliminate work-related injuries, due to things like repetitive motion, awkward positioning, etc.Taken from the Ergonomics Socitey Website...if you are really interested in the field of Ergonomics and Human factors, the websites referenced in the source section are a must visit.. . Ergonomics deals with the interaction of technological and work situations with the human being. The basic human sciences involved are anatomy, physiology  and psychology, these sciences are applied by the ergonomist towards two main objectives: the most productive use of human capabilities, and the maintenance of human health and well-being. In a phrase, the job must ‘fit the person’ in all respects, and the work situation should not compromise human capabilities and limitations.. . The contribution of basic anatomy lies in improving physical ‘fit’ between people and the things they use, ranging from hand tools to aircraft cockpit design. Achieving good physical fit is no mean feat when one considers the range in human body sizes across the population. The science of anthropometrics provides data on dimensions of the human body, in various postures. Biomechanics considers the operation of the muscles and limbs, and ensures that working postures are beneficial, and that excessive forces are avoided.. . Our knowledge of human physiology supports two main technical areas. Work physiology addresses the energy requirements of the body and sets standards for acceptable physical workrate and workload, and for nutrition requirements. Environmental physiology analyses the impact of physical working conditions – thermal, noise and vibration, and lighting – and sets the optimum requirements for these.. . Psychology is concerned with human information processing and decision-making capabilities. In simple terms, this can be seen as aiding the cognitive ‘fit’ between people and the things they use. Relevant topics are sensory processes, perception, long- and short-term memory, decision making and action. There is also a strong thread of organizational psychology.. . The importance of psychological dimensions of ergonomics should not be underestimated in today’s ‘high-tech’ world – remember the video recorder example at the beginning. The ergonomist advises on the design of interfaces between people and computers (Human Computer Interaction or HCI), information displays for industrial processes, the planning of training materials, and the design of human tasks and jobs. The concept of ‘information overload’ is familiar in many current jobs. Paradoxically, increasing automation, while dispensing with human involvement in routine operations, frequently increases the mental demands in terms of monitoring, supervision and maintenance.a concept they use to build a chair .. (hehehe my professor will scold me for this)Ergonomics (or human factors) is the scientific discipline concerned with the understanding of interactions among humans and other elements of a system, and the profession that applies theory, principles, data and methods to design in order to optimize human well-being and overall system performance (definition adopted by the International Ergonomics Association in 2000).. . Ergonomists contribute to the design and evaluation of tasks, jobs, products, environments and systems in order to make them compatible with the needs, abilities and limitations of people (IEA, 2000).
Originally, mostly for protection (from the elements, insects, etc.); these days, mostly for cultural reasons (religious, legal, etc.)to keep from freezing or alternately sunburning his buttTo cover his penis.My ancestors were mostly from Northern Europe,  basically they had to succesfully keep warm or die.
Florida State and University of West Florida both offer programs in Marine Archeology, however you will be hard pressed to join up if you're not a student as many of these programs have limited space available and many matriculated students who want to apply.  That being said, it still wouldn't hurt to contact the respective departments -- if they can't accomodate you, they may be able to recommend another way for you to experience it.THE BEST WAY TO FIND THIS OUT IS THAT U CHECK OUT THE TOP COLLEGES WHICH HAVE THESE SUMMER COURSES.
There are few people on this service who really have the mental capacity to answer the insightful questions. After all, a legitimate question requires legitimate knowledge to answer, aye? And how many people on this service really know that much about anything? Not as often as would be helpful.because those superficial are easier to answer. ;)Inightful questions require thinking.  Some people never learned to do it.
Maybe you sould ask a teacher or a parent, or even an adult you look up to! The answers you may get here may not be what you need to know! Unless you are an adult, then not to be mean but you should know how babys come about!go to babycenter.com    there are videos for you to watch.
Diplomacy is the art and practice of conducting negotiations between accredited persons (the diploma of the diplomat) representing groups or nations. It usually refers to international diplomacy, the conduct of international relations through the intercession of professional diplomats with regard to issues of peace-making, culture, economics, trade and war. International treaties are usually negotiated by diplomats prior to endorsement by national politicians.. . In an informal or social sense, diplomacy is the employment of tact to gain strategic advantage, one set of tools being the phrasing of statements in a non-confrontational, or social manner.Not making your stand knownly clear.
Basically, it's because adult pigeons hide their nests well. Cecil at The Straight Dope has an explanation that's more complete.If you go where they nest in the springtime you will see babies. Like most creatures the babies stay close to home and to the parents until they're mature enough to take care of themselves. Try under a concrete bridge, or other place that has nooks and crannies underneath, they like to nest in such places.What you can't see any? Ah never mind they were ALL delicious...
New clothes styles are driven by the fashion dessigners. The good thing for us men is that we can see the baby is a girl or a boy, so we won't say "What a cute baby boy!" when it is a baby girl dressed in baby green.Hmm, I dunno...Maybe you could try other places...I know Wal-Mart has more than just Pink & Purple...Because blue is for boys. But I dressed my daughters in yellow, green, red, white, and chartreuse!
Most archeologists live by teaching or doing research.  There are very few good paying jobs out there.  Of course, if you can write really well, you can submit grant applications and might get lucky.. . Just my advice, but I'd listen to your mother... Get a degree in a major where you can find a job when you graduate, and minor in archeology as a hobby.It is a great field to be in, but don't expect to make it rich, unless you find something VERY rare.. . You can go to http://www.salary.com and fill out the little survey there and it will tell you about the pay rates.
Unfortunately, it's part of human nature. Be a better person and dont allow it to get to you.  It's energy you dont need to waste.Because they don't like themselves.People hate others because they don't like themselves.  They see in others some part of themselves that they don't like or are afraid to let themselves be because they think others won't like them.. . A lot of times, people gain acceptance, of a kind, by belonging to a group.  That group is stronger, has a better connection, when they can find a common enemy - an outsider that they can gang up on.
you first must go through trials and tribulations.. These qualifications teach you how to live your life so that you may be confident and have peace. God Bless YouBy trusting themselves,and having good intentions.I think introspection is very important, but also experience. The more you know about yourself and your abilities, the more your confidence grows and you'll know what is right for you and what you want.in respect and love the other
so that we can go back again and the next time around, we make sure that what we are climbing is not a wrong path anymore. truthfully, we make mistakes because we are only human and it serves as a guide so we can be a better person. just don't forget to get up when you fall ok?Mostly because we don't recognize that it is wrong at the time we start up that path.  Sometimes the only way to know is to go ahead and then have the benefit of hindsight.  The method is often called "trial and error."  It's not a question of wanting to make mistakes, but when a mistake is made, to learn from it.  On the other hand, sometimes it is possible to do the "thought experiment" and examine the path mentally before stepping out.  It is also possible to learn from the experiences of others, if you look and listen.  Try to realistically imagine the consequences of a given decision before you make it, and you will avoid the worst errors.  No one can avoid all errors, I suspect.
Shes playing you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! in a good way though. She loves so so so much, you have to recognise it bro!To me she is playing head games, and next time she starts, tell her "we have gone down this road before and i'm not playing"  "When you're done with feeling contrary. let me know and we will have a normal conversation"  At least she will know you have spotted her gameShe is exerting her power and controlling you. If she sees that she is getting to you, she feels that she is in control. Getting angry means that you are not in control. Once you get angry, you lose and she wins.They want to see if you are emotionally strong. If you want her to stop, don't get angry, tell yourself it is just a test, and act cool as a cucumber until she stops (which may be a while). Good luck!Some men are drawn to high drama women. You admit that you really like this person. Is this a problem for you or is it one of the things that makes you like her?she's insecure...pushing you away because she doesn't feel secure about the way you feel about her. don't get angry, reassure her that you like her and don't piss her off in the first place.
Obsession. Compulsive preoccupation with a fixed idea or an unwanted feeling or emotion, often accompanied by symptoms of anxiety.It is a perfume.  It's by Calvin Klein, I think.Obsession defined:.  . . Main Entry: ob·ses·sion . Pronunciation: ?b-'se-sh&n, &b-. Function: noun. 1 : a persistent disturbing preoccupation with an often unreasonable idea or feeling; broadly : compelling motivation <an obsession with profits>. 2 : something that causes an obsession. - ob·ses·sion·al  /-'sesh-n&l, -'se-sh&-n&l/ adjective. - ob·ses·sion·al·ly adverb   . 3. Obsession  A fragrant perfume Obsession Eau de Toilette by Calvin Klein . 4. Obsession (album) . 5. Obsession (movie) . 6. Obsession, a hit single by musical band Animotion . 7. Obsession, the theme song of the Anime series .hack//SIGN by J-Rock/Pop group See-Saw . 8. Obsession (actress) . 9. Obsession, an episode of the original Star Trek television series
Some need the help, others are just deemed 'different'.  People who have and express thier own opions often of a morbid nature - well there must be something wrong!!  So they just drug them up with Lithium so they cant think, and if they still resist - they throw them into a psyc ward.Usually because it is feared that they will do harm to themselves or others.usually for the convienence or comfort of those on the outside...People are usually put in psychatric institutions,  because their behavior or thoughts could be a threat to themselves or others. A person can have themselves admitted as well. The reasons could range from depression, alcoholism, drug addiction, bipolar disorder, eating disorders or many others.I personally was there because of say drugs .But the most common reasons are if you say that you are going to hurt yourself or someone else.Also some people are pshcotic or just very dangerousmaybe because they are bipolar like me!Probably because they are nuts !!well im no psychiatrist but i guess the answer to that is because the doctor/s feel that they can best treat the person of a mental illness if they were in close daily contact. keep in mind though thats not what happens to all mental patients. also take in the consideration that they may also may be a danger to themslefs and or others. i think the best way to get more answers is from a pschiatrist.
With the help of a therapist or counselor, one must determine the source of the anger, and what triggers it.  One must then address that issue and diffuse it.PROZAC HELPS.go to an anger mangment classtalk to someone and tell them ur promblems and they will try to make it better!Give u some gudinance to go on the right path.talk to some one. If u don't it may turn into something really bad like trying to kill yourselfI think they yell a lot and break stuff.Take it out on victimsthey go to an anger management class!
A quick check of symbology websites seems to indicate that whales are "keepers of songs," and symbolize "creative inspiration," as well as ten or twelve other things. (See below.) I'm not sure where these ideas came from; if it is a modern construct or there is some historical precedent for symbolizing whales in this manner.I read Moby-D*ck.......the whole darn thing....and Melville, I think, was trying to make the point that whales are BIG, REALLY REALLY BIG.  I learned a lot about whales because he went on and on and covered everything there was to know about whales in 1850.  . . One very interesting thing about whales is the ambergris.  Ambergris is a substance that forms in the intestines of a whale in response to the sharp beaks of the squid it eats.  (Who knew squid had beaks?)  Evidentally, the beaks irritate the whale's intestines and the intestines ooze out a mucousy substance that surrounds the sharp beaks.  They eventually pass the ambergris and it washes up on shore.  More likely in those days though, the ambergris was just cut out when they butchered the whale.  Ambergris is a yellow-white waxy substance and, believe it or not, it is the best smelling stuff on the planet.  It used to be used to extend the life of perfumes, but it is illegal now to use it.....so a synthetic ambergris has been cooked up to use in its place.. . FINALLY...THE ANSWER TO THE QUESTION:. The whale was, and still is, a huge mystery to man and it swims in the ocean, which in itself represents the depths of the unconscious. It has within it the ability to produce a heavenly scented substance in response to a diet of barbs.
Jehovah does not promise humans a university education, but rather sustenance and covering, and only for those who do His will. It sounds like your priorities are askew. Pray about this and pioneer.Check your local college's financial aid office.  They'll be able to help you get grants and scholarchips.  Grants are money you don't have to pay back unlike loans.  And they're easier to get than scholarships.  They're generally based on need. Go to fafsa.gov for more information.
It is the hope to prove that we are not alone.It is the multitude of ways in which humans influence and are influenced by others, both verbally and nonverbally. For example, in the presence of others you  will interpret and respond to the words that people speak or the gestures they make. They in turn will respond to your words and gestures. This makes for human social interaction.
I had always believed the phrase was without any good intentions but the example is quite different from my orginal beliefs.They keep planning all the timeThey have to deal with their conscience all the time.Its origin is Biblical from Genesis, where God cast Adam and Eve out of the garden and told them that they [and their offspring] would have to "work" the soil to provide for themselves.. . In essence, the saying means, we are all sinful and have to work for a living.  The saying probably had more meaning in past generations when more people went to church, and has now just become a thing that we say to indicate that we are busy.  :   )
It's all politics.  The institutions schmooze money out of the politicians, then the artists have to try to schmooze recognition from the institutions.  If a particular group of artists happens to exceptionally successful schmoozers, they become a canon.there will be journals, associations, conferences, exhibits... and it is the higher ups in the institutions who organize/publish/award who promote certain works over others, and this is how something gets canonized
Morality is one's concern with right and wrong actions and the standards either an individual or group sets for itself. Morality has no legal power.. . Law is a legislated set of ways a group/society/individual must follow in order to not be legally punished.very crassly and simply put,morality is the standards u set for urself for determining right n wrong. while law refers to the standars other ppl have laid down
IT industry made everthing more efficient including measuring variable including more variable and increase the size of date to measure variables. It effect are all round.can be good and bad, good if it helps economic profit and bad if it is too big or decreases profit
For a long time the US was 5 percent of the population consuming 25 percent of the resources.  The most recent data I have seen is that we are now 4 percent of the human population consuming 20 or 21 percent.. . I do know from personal calculations that a single American child uses more resources than an entire village (of about 100 to 125 people) in central China.Money goes to rich man's pocket
The links below might be able to help you.. . Good luck on your future career in sociology.From one. Biography: PIERRE BOURDIEU (1930?2002). . "With the death of Pierre Bourdieu, the world has lost its most famous sociologist, and the European Left its most passionate and authoritative voice of the past decade. . . . The leitmotif of his work, throughout his life, was inequality?his writings can be read as one long investigation of its manifold forms and mechanisms in modern capitalist societies.". . Discussion:. . A Franco-German exchange between novelist and sociologist on the success of neoliberalism in transforming political regression into the standard of social progress; and the fate of the Enlightenment in the two leading cultures of the European Union.. . G: " . . . the consequences of political failure?politics having now been entirely displaced by the economy.". . B: " . . . political reasons: we believed that the violence wrought by neoliberal policies in Europe and Latin America, and many other countries, is so great that one cannot capture it with purely conceptual analyses.". . G: " . . . Both of us?you as a sociologist and myself as a writer?are children of the Enlightenment, a tradition which today, at least in Germany and France, is being called into question, as if the process of the European Enlightenment had failed or been cut short, as if we could now continue without it. I don?t agree. I see flaws, incomplete developments in the process of Enlightenment?for example, the reduction of reason to what is purely technically feasible.". . B: "I see neoliberalism as a conservative revolution, as the term was used between the wars in Germany?a strange revolution that restores the past but presents itself as progressive, transforming regression itself into a form of progress.". . G: " . . . since the collapse of the Communist hierarchies,  capitalism?recast as neoliberalism?has felt it could run riot, as if out of control. There is no longer a counterweight to it. Today even the few remaining responsible capitalists are raising a warning finger, as they watch their instruments slip from their grasp, and see neoliberalism repeating the mistakes of Communism?issuing articles of faith that deny there is any alternative to the free market and claiming infallibility.". . G: "A capitulation to the economy is taking place.". . B: "There has been a sort of permanent unrest, which has obliged the social democrats in power to adopt at least the pretence of a socialist discourse. . . . all social gains have historically come from active struggles. . . . the power of the dominant order is not just economic, but intellectual? lying in the realm of beliefs. That?s why one must speak out: to restore a sense of utopian possibility . . . ". . G: " . . . what?s lacking is an attempt on the part of the unions to break out of the national framework into a form of organization and mobilization that would transcend frontiers. . . . working people who have been unionized their whole lives have far greater experience in the social sphere than intellectuals. Today, they?re either unemployed or retired; no one seems to need them any more. Their strength remains entirely unused.". . G: " . . . beginning to doubt a little whether the untrammelled circulation of money around the globe, this madness that has broken out within neoliberalism, should go unopposed: for example, mergers without sense or purpose that result in two or three, or ten thousand people losing their jobs. Stock markets reflect only maximization of profits.". . B: "Unfortunately, it?s not simply a question of countering a dominant discourse that preens itself as unanimous wisdom. To fight it effectively, we need to be able to diffuse and publicize a critical discourse.". . G: "My understanding of narrative fiction was always . . . that it should tell a story from the point of view of people who do not make history, buti have no clue
Its the deep fear of the unknown. You can't see what is in the dark. Therefore you don't know if you are in danger.theyre fraidy cats and r paranoid  like meFear of the unseen and unknown. Humans tend to fear what their minds can't see and grasp.It is fear of the unknown, which is, after all, pretty sensible.  The cave man who was NOT afraid of the dark was probably the one who did not survive to have children, and so it is in our genes.  Personally, I wonder if you mean "afraid of the dark" or simply "don't like the dark."  After all, you can stub your toe going through a room that is too dark, and if the dark can indeed include the unknown (such as when you are sleeping out of doors), it's not at all silly to be cautious.I am. Its because anything could be there- you can`t see whats in the room.in the dark their are alot of temptations and you may even encounter a very dangerous things like thugs,wild animals etc. who may harm you.its also in the darkness where people are tempted to do evil things like sin to godBecause most of the dirty, illegal and unsavoury things simply happening in the darks.It is the fear of the unknown,imagination plays a big part too as in darkness your imagination suggest you that dangerous creatures are desiring to kill and eat you.because monsters & murderers hide in the dark.
A Catch 22 is a situation you just can't win.  It comes from the novel (and the movie) where Catch 22 referred to the "catch" in everything where nothing productive gets done in a bureaucracy;  in that case, the Air Force.It originates from the book by Joseph Heller. It was about trying to get out of combat duty in the air corp in Italy during WWII.. . Catch 22 . "You could get out of cobat duty only if you were crazy and asked to be removed. However, it's perfectly sane to want out of combat duty, so therefore you are NOT crazy, and therefore, you were not allowed out of combat duty.". . "That's some catch that Catch-22!" - YossarianCatch-22 was actually created by the author Joseph Heller in the novel Catch-22 I believe. . . It is hard to explain exactly, but an example of a catch-22 from the novel itself was that the main character wanted to get out of the army during the war. Well the only way they would allow him to go home is if he were crazy. He tried to say he was crazy and he should be sent home, however they argued since he wanted to go home, he was not crazy and had to stay, that only crazy people would want to stay. Does that make sense any?. . Ok, I will try my best to explain better. Basically, it means you are screwed either way you go. Or as one site described it, a paradoxical situation with no happy ending.Catch 22 has become a term, inspired by Joseph Heller's novel "Catch-22," describing a general situation in which A must have been preceded by B, and B must have been preceded by A.  A familiar example of this circumstance occurs in the context of job searching. In moving from school to a career, one may encounter a Catch 22 where one cannot get a job without experience, but one cannot gain experience without a job.. . The prototypical Catch 22 considers the case of a U.S. Army Air Force bombardier who wishes to be excused from combat flight duty. In order to be excused from such duty, he must submit an official medical diagnosis from his squadron's flight surgeon, demonstrating that he is unfit because he is insane. However, according to Army regulations, any sane person would naturally not want to fly combat missions because they are so dangerous. By requesting permission not to fly combat missions, on the grounds of insanity, the bombardier demonstrates that he is in fact sane and therefore is fit to fly.. . Conversely, any flyer who wished to fly on combat runs implicitly demonstrated that he was insane and was unfit to fly and ought to be excused. Naturally, such flyers never submitted such requests. Of course, if they did, the "catch" would assert itself, short-circuiting any such attempt to escape from combat duty.. . The fictional "catch", called in the novel Catch 22 in U.S. Army Air Force parlance, gives its name to the novel which is about the basic illogicality of war even in the way it was waged in "modern times" (the book was published only 15 years after World War II, and was therefore considered a commentary on modern war and current events).A catch 22 means that there are a few choices all of which have bad and good results.  So it's somewhat like a dilemma.The phrase comes from the book of the same name, written by Joseph Heller.. . Catch-22 is a military term that is confusing and difficult to describe. In short, its basic meaning is that if there was a rule, no matter what the rule is, there is always an exception to it. It is a mysterious regulation that is in essence a circular argument. This catch keeps Yossarian in the war because a concern for one's own life proved that he is not really crazy, and to get out of combat you have to be crazy. The catch is used by the superior powers to uphold and increase their power, and yet it is harmful to those who do not have power in the first place. It creates situations where, when you think everything is perfect, Catch-22 pops up and makes your plans impossible.Catch 22 has become a term, inspired by Joseph Heller's novel Catch-22, describing a general situation in which A must have been preceded by B, and B must have been preceded by A. Symbolically, (&#92;neg B &#92;Rightarrow &#92;neg A) &#92;wedge (&#92;neg A &#92;Rightarrow &#92;neg B) where either A or B must come into being first. A familiar example of this circumstance occurs in the context of job searching. In moving from school to a career, one may encounter a Catch 22 where one cannot get a job without experience, but one cannot gain experience without a job.. . Note that this common use of the term represents a slightly different problem from the prime example in the novel. The prototypical Catch 22 considers the case of a U.S. Army Air Force bombardier who wishes to be excused from combat flight duty. In order to be excused from such duty, he must submit an official medical diagnosis from his squadron's flight surgeon, demonstrating that he is unfit because he is insane. However, according to Army regulations, any sane person would naturally not want to fly combat missions because they are so dangerous. By requesting permission not to fly combat missions, on the grounds of insanity, the bombardier demonstrates that he is in fact sane and therefore is fit to fly.. . Conversely, any flyer who wished to fly on combat runs implicitly demonstrated that he was insane and was unfit to fly and ought to be excused. Naturally, such flyers never submitted such requests. Of course, if they did, the "catch" would assert itself, short-circuiting any such attempt to escape from combat duty.. . The fictional "catch", called in the novel Catch 22 in U.S. Army Air Force parlance, gives its name to the novel which is about the basic illogicality of war even in the way it was waged in "modern times" (the book was published only 15 years after World War II, and was therefore considered a commentary on modern war and current events).. . This is symbolized as C (being excused from flying) necessitates A (a request) and &#92;neg B (not being insane, without which there would be no request) and A also necessitates B (being insane, which must be the basis for the request). Symbolically, ((A &#92;Rightarrow &#92;neg B) &#92;wedge (A &#92;Rightarrow B)) &#92;Rightarrow C or, more simply, (A &#92;Rightarrow &#92;neg B &#92;wedge B) &#92;Rightarrow C.. . In other words, if you do ask to be excused, this is a sign of sanity, and yet you can't be excused if sane. If you do not ask to be excused, you must be insane, but cannot be excused unless you ask. This refers to the "damned if you do, damned if you don't" scenario.. . The term is also sometimes informally used to represent logical conundrums that match neither of the above patterns. An example would be the chicken or the egg problem.
Trade in ivory is illegal by international convention.  In the past this was done but since people were killing elephants only for their tusks it was outlawed. from wikipedia:. "Due to the rapid decline in the populations of the animals that produce it, the importation and sale of ivory in many countries is banned or severely restricted. Much of the decline in population is due to poachers during and before the 1980s. Since the worldwide ivory trade ban in 1989 there have been ups and downs in elephant populations, and ivory trade as bans have been placed and lifted. Many African countries including Zimbabwe and South Africa claim that ivory trade is necessary—both to stimulate their economies and reduce elephant populations which are allegedly harming the environment. In 2002 the United Nations partially lifted the ban on ivory trade, allowing a few countries to export certain amounts of ivory. Yet, a 1999 study done by Oxford University found that less than one percent of the five-hundred million US dollars ivory sales generate ever reach Africans; most of it goes to middlemen and vendors, so the effectiveness of the policy is in question."They dont do that. Keyboard keys are not made from ivory tusks.
We need to study the human brain in order to improve the quality of life.For a multitude of reasons, not the least of which would be to find out why most of us are so crazy. :)
i have no idae but i love the piano and the organ!!! they are composed of strings and plucks i kno but everything else is way over my head!!depends on the quality of the piano.  good piano keys are made with ivory.  they take a piece of ivory and shave it into the shape of a key while getting as many keys out of the piece as possible.  pianos that aren't high quality just use wood for their keys.  they are manufactured just like pieces of furniture.about the keys... i guess with ivory...
Our behaviour is derived and expressed from our learned experiences as we grow.  Because we are humans tempered by emotions, Our way of thinking and reaction to certain conditions we encounter is based upon the limits of our knowledge, and the type of guidance we receive as we grow towards maturity, and as we learn more, and make choices based upon the degree of understanding that each of us exercise in life, good or bad, is merely a culmination of what we have learned, vital constituents that influenced us during our early stages of chilhood, stemming from everyone's environments, homes, schools, liteatures, histories, media/mediums, friends, enemies, relatives, and most importantly, from our parents.  Therefore, our behaviour makes us different from each other, it may make someone either desireable or despicable to somebody else.  It also depicts our emotional state, or mode of survival in the most critical moments.. ~meowczz thats wat we r born with
i don't know. they had no translatersAs the empire of China was being formed, specifically during the the warring period of 481 bc to 221 bc, a four-tiered class structure emerged consisting of the lesser nobility (including scholars), the peasant farmers, the artisans, and the merchants, with the merchants holding the lowest position in society. Due to the low esteem merchants were not viewed as appropriate to hold government positions.
Cognitive therapy is "talk" therapy aimed at changing negative thought patterns into positive ones.  The idea is that if we use "postive self talk" we will begin to feel better about ourselves.Contrast with behavior therapy, which sees negative, maladaptive behaviors as learned responses that can be consciously changed and substituted with positive behaviors.
Ouch. It's an equal situation. Both sexes can be sexually promiscuous. It's just a fact of life.Because we are taught that we only have two options: either virgin or whore.  Life circumstances force some of us toward virgin and some toward whore (this is a gross overgeneralization of course, but so was your question), but in our society it is currently the "whore" modality that gets rewarded the most.  Many women feel that they cannot be happy or successful without these societal rewards, so they act in ways that will get them this recognition.That's no very nice,they don't all do.ok, if some girls act like whores, you'll ask why. Then some girls act like virgins, and then you'll ask why. . . Either way, you'd be ultimately putting women's sexual behavior on a a level that is seemingly more important to you than their actual humanity.I think girls want the attention of a boy and they think if they get it, they must be so popular or pretty so they can brag about it...you obviously need to hang out somewhere else. there is such a thing as a nice girl.because men treat women like shit and women are in constant search of what society calls "prince charming"! So until they find it "they act like whores"wow, the women here are pretty deluded. in a society where women raise over 70% kids after excluding biological dad from the picture, it is women who form the personalities of girls and teach them about men.. . heck, you hear women touting this "truthism" in all media. screaming about how "Daddy wasn't there" and how the man THEY CHOSE to procreate with is a "deadbeat not involved with his child" and all the other spewings that just really make men thirst to be attached to their vile wickedness.. . so, let's be clear: women want to say that men are NOT there for their children AND, that men are wholly responsible for teaching female children to disrespect themselves.. . no, it's women that are teaching this junk. men do not live and die to dress their little girl up like dollies and have her garner appreciation off her looks. go to a child beauty pagent. go to 10. it's the crazy a*s moms that are exploiting their 4 and 5 year olds in make up and revealing clothes not even fit for 16 year olds.. . men like boobs and butts, it arouses us. women exploit that and then try to blame men for the most basic, natural instincts. it's a horrible thing for women to do, especially when they are invariably solely responsible for forming the personality of our little boys now, after having expelled dad.. . btw, it's pretty well established that flirting behavior begins with little girls as early as 2 years of age. they're wired to garner attention in this coy and affectionate way. as they grow and test boundaries they will go as far as norms let them. women have pushed the norms to this degrading, demeaning extreme of making every female look like a prostitute as a social expression of dominance. . . the sexual revolution baby! these little whores are the product of a generation of women's efforts. they are only doing what comes naturally and to an extreme that other women have told them is O.K. and even liberating. vive la revolution!!!!!Because double standards make them think they are supposed to though it's quite sad and unfortunate it's reality!Don't generalize. You sound jaded and there are those that are far from ever being considered a "whore".Because whores have a lot of fun, make a lot of money and meet really interesting people.  Sure as hell beats being a lousy lawyer!careful some may say you are what you think ...
Colleges will have information about their media programs and there are many non-credit media programs listed online and in the phone book. Don't want to go to school but still want the experience, volunteer at your local PBS station. Good luck.It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose one of those as a 'best answer.'. . If you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,. 1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.. 2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?. . If it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.. . Answers.com http://www.answers.com/. Bartleby http://www.bartleby.com/. Yahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/. HowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/. Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page. . Since I really haven't answered your question, it is not necessary to give me any points.. . Regards.
By the way you conduct yourself.  If you strive to be an honest person, a kind, generous person, a non-judgmental & unselfish person, you have defined yourself as a decent, aware human being.. . If you are greedy, jealous and sneaky, you have defined yourself as someone not to be trusted.. . Seek the definition you admire and strive for that.To define myself, one first should know the speech of the world famous philosopher & writer Del Karnegie He said, "The hardest work of the world is to self-(defining and who are able to do it, they are the real successful being in the life. Their philosophy for a life is the proper defination of life from diffenerent corners.")  I highly agree with him.. .  Now the question comes in front that how to do it.. One should have a proper experience about his actions in troubles and his feelings of sadness & happiness. He/She have to remark himself/herself  looking inside his/her heart, mind & important steps on the ways of life not from his eyes, from the other's. And then he can match the feelings of the people and define himself.A set of memory/experience, which manages the body through the senses from internal or surrounding environment).. For a baby, 'you' is nothing for them, because they have no memory. 'you' only comes up when gradual memory build up, say, at the age of 2-3.by the way you act. to define urself you must wear your own clothes talk the way you talk. and walk away from the crowd.
start with explaining the problem, the difficulties and the lacks of managment that caused the problem. then you can continue to show people your views it's benefites and your pointsStart with an outline.
Most are determined by the NTSB as pilot error.  If you are talking about single or twin engines, it is 100LL (100 octane low lead)  It looks blue -- Some homebuilt aircraft use regular automobile fuel - Jets obviously use jet fuel -air plane crashes due to:. -weak of maintenace programe. -use of an old plane. -make plane flight with more than it's acceptable weight capacity. . For the other raison:. -bad weithere. -bad pilots. -weak of fuel. -mechanical problemAirplane crash can be a result of many things. The chances of you being in an airplane crash is 1 to 1,000,000,000The ground.Bad luck?  Diesel (I think)?Terrorists.God saying it was time for it to happen.
I am thinking profound brain dammage.  But just a guess.If you are able to work, you probably don't have one.Marfan disease, just like Mr. LincolnI'd like to think that no one is 'disabled' but mearly incapable of acomplishing things because of one's physical, mental or environmental set-backs.  Anything is possible.  Look at some of the greatest athletes in the olympics, for example.I find self doubt is the most crippling ailment I have ever had.Ur probably sitting in a wheelchair
Assuming this is "how long" the answer is until it is treated or until it kills you. If the mastectomy (breast removal) isn't enough to take care of it, it often means that the cancer has spread too far, and sadly, will be lethal. Though there have been many mastectomies that are successful and neutralize the cancer, leaving  life fairly normal.you might like to read "the cancer journals" by audre lorde.A prognosis that from the time of detection and treatment, there is a time of about 5 years but it is only for a time of measurement. Chances are that once a canerous tumor has been removed and you are recieving treatment just incase, the cancer wont return but if is does then it can be easily treated. However, depending on the extention of the spreading of the cancerous tumor, your chances vary, therefore, you should get checked immediatly(if you haven't) and treated for anything if found.Until you get the breast removed.Even removing the breast is no guarantee that the cancer will not return.  As a general rule if you remain cancer free for 8 years after treatment they consider you to be "cured".  However there is NO cure for cancer and that is merely a general guidline.  You should remain diligent and get regular medical exams for the rest of your life.
I'm guessing it has something to do with the fact that our brains are still 'wired' to perceive light as 'awake time' and dark as 'sleep time'.  There is a neural pathway, seperate from the optic nerve, that allows the brain to perceive changes in light and dark.  By shuttering the eyes, you can futher give your brain the illusion that it is nighttime by blocking more light.It's a simple fact of the body needing to recharge. Our bodies were never designed to run 24 hrs. a day. They need time to rejuvenate and heal. It is during the time of rest that our bodies do the healing needed for that day.otherwise our eyes would escape and sneak across town to visit their boyfriendsto see dreams.Not all people sleep with their eyes closed all the time.  But the real reason is that all the muscles relax, and during sleep we enter REM (Rapid Eye Movement).  The eyeballs have a tendency to dry out if left open, the closed lids provide the eyeball moisture and lubrication to protect it during REM.Logically, when you close your eyes, your eyes won't become dry... I dare you to not close your eyes for several minutes and your eyes hurt... So, when we sleep for several hours, when we close our eyes, it flushes it (is that a right word), then it won't hurt...I agree with the daytime/nighttime theory, but I also believe that the brain needs a break from perceiving new visual information while it recharges from a whole day of doing so.  Closing our eyes is similar, under this theory, to shutting the blinds when we choose not to be distracted by the things occurring outside our windows.you relax when you go to sleep, same goes w/ the rest of the body. closing the eyes is its relaxed state. That's why you put your whole body in a relaxed position : lying down, relaxed muscles etc. you don't go sleep standing ryt?!!!!its because your eyes need relaxation and when you close your eyes it helps your brain and heart realx and slow down your pulse so you can easily sleep.
a complex person can be coimplex in differnt ways social or mental, social by always having an  opinion and then changing that opinion or mentally when the are difficult to understand in terms of how they act, and it hard to interpert what thier actions meanA person that explains everything in 10 words when it can be said in 1 word DUH!Who's not easygoing...There are a lot of different ways of looking at that. Basically is means a person who is difficult to define, or describe. Could be a person who has a lot of different emotional layers and that it takes a lot of time and effort to truly know.Wow, that is a question I had on a psycology test..I believe it can be a state of mind where everything is thought out, and then misrepresented in words or actions..Everyone is complex. But, in figured ways, someone who gets the wrong message.
well it took 6 hours for someone to answer.  there's your answer :). . it's the new york times btw, isn't it?New York Times.But I'm not so sure they are telling the truth.
its actually an invitation for someone to enter their space.  she will do it more frequently if someone who interests them is near.. . also, it is a means of self-stimulation, excess energy can be sublimated.Guys certainly do this. Women are more likely then men to use the closed leg cross-over, where they put the knee space of the top leg over the lower leg, so they can move the entire leg. Men are more likely to cross their legs by putting the ankle on top of the knee. . . At any rate, bobbing the leg is usually a "nervous habit." Many people are unaware that they do it. Sometimes its boredom, sometimes its just that the person is restless, sometimes they are tired of sitting still.I have seen guys doing that too.. they do that because of the anxiety and boredom.nervous habit all the way and sometimes its comforting tooBecause they can.  Because they have a heart beat, although "bobbing" indicates a greater movement than is is caused by the heart beat.. Often these kinds of semiconscious movements are a way to dissipate energy, release anxiety.  Perhaps these ladies are wondering why you don't go over and talk to them.. . Perhaps you spend more time looking at lady's crossed legs than man's.  Perhaps more women sit crossed legged, and that gives you more opportunity to make such observations.. . Asking this question in this way could be an example of displacement.  You could just say to the lady in question;  "I noticed your leg was bobbing up and down, I am interested to know why you do that?". . Good luck, good observation.cause i guess they get bored and they need something to doSome times, its called, Body language
Maybe there was a particular point in your life when you decided that this was the right path for you. Perhaps you saw someone who looked like they could really use a hand and decided that you wanted to help people just like them.. . Hope that makes sense, I find that the best answers to those type of questions are when people have a story around why they want to do something.just ask them " well why do you want to be a (whatever the heck it is they want to be)?"well you can tell them that you like to listen to people and there probs also that you like to help people out. It makes you feel goodI don't know if this answer satisfaces you ( probably it won't but I still have two points :P) ... I , myself, still don't know ¨why¨ I'm studying my career, I just know that I like it and I'm doing what I want to do now; so anytime ppl ask me ¨Why¨am I studying it I just say the truth: ¨I don`t know¨..allright, it sounds sort of dumb answering like that! :) or probably inmature but.. who cares anyway? , probably maturity is just the point of view of someone who thinks that things should go like this or that..I would just say, you don't have to answer ANYTHING, why should we justify what we like?, there is no ¨correct¨answer for that, you know? ; it's like answering things like: why do you like blue? or yellow..or your boyfriend..or God , I don't think we'll ever find a satisfactory answer to that! :)Tell them the truth - that you help people facing challenges manage their material and personal resources, so they can live more dignified lives.tell them how u feel about it!
The countries north of the equator are more developed than those in south america.  That means a lot more energy to turn on lights on streets and houses, even if less people are living in them, as is the case.Because the equater sux and noone wants to live there and get eaten alive by miskeetos and all those giant lizzards and everything while they sweat there nuts off.
when you thought that you married the right person yet at the duration of the time you got married and lived together, you suddenly had a changed of heart. They say that you'll never know the real color or attitude of a person unless you'll live under one roof. at times, it might be painful to have divorce as the last resort but in the end, its still better than to make each other lives miserable, if you stay while knowing that the relationship is already on its impending death.firstly, the marraige was not a marriage according to God's wisdom, secondly, the parties are not recognizing the  wisdom of God instituting the holiness of marriageBecause we keep hoping for the best and get ready to do what needs to be done when we are faced with the worst.  We constantly search for happiness and since we have only one lifetime to find it in, no one wants to waste any time in a dead-end marriage.we think we love someone, but end up realizing that that someone isn't the right person, thus we lose our love because those who divorce don't work towards their marriagewell you think you like the person then you know you love the person until you realize she only likes you, try'll and error.building for showing to each ather ,yes we can making strong better than any one ,looking to sky fly with bird ,  not looking down ,THIS LAND CAN STAND FOR US just think we make perfect .1st floor ,1st earthquake,falling  we are luky if droop in 1st floor ,if next &next ,land cant stand ,make damage 2 next door or land ,but i know some one in 55 floor ,MY PARENTS i can stay to this shade and lern ,find land befor build ,and who is my next?    and pray !!Because we fail to do what God says about Marriage.  We forget about marriage be a covenant between us and God, because is is so socially acceptable.  Because we are sinners.people get married for the wrong reasons!  or if they do get married for the right reasons, they don't try hard enough to work at it (change bad behaviors, get counseling...etc)Men and women are not taking the vows that are said before God seriously! It is stated that for better and for worse until death do us part---many people are missing it somewhere. They move on to the next person and most likely will end up divorced again! Unless there is something horribly wrong in the relationship I think it is better to pray about and let God lead you to the right way!
well, philosophy is the base of other siences. but in ancient greek when philosophers take part in politics they started to think more about society, then they started to write articles and books specially about perfect societies. ( like THE PARTY)sociology: science of human society & social relations.. philosophy: theory or logical analysis of principles underlying conduct, thought, knowledge & nature of universe.  Philosophy also involves math. formulas.
Very, very carefully.  And probably silently.  If it is really necessary to tell someone you believe they are doing wrong, you must accept the consequences:  you may lose that friend.Visably drop money, say $20.00 and see if they return it to you!. . That's a start!I believe confronting tht person face to face is the best way
In legal terms, "common law" refers to legal principles established by judges (in their written opinions) which have the effect of law (and can only be overridden by a higher appellate court or by the Legislature).  In marital terms, "common law" refers to the legal presumption that a man and wife who have cohabitated (lived together) and substantially established a life together are essentially married for all intents and purposes.  This is now the law in only a minority of states.  It was designed to prevent the injustice that occurs when couples disband and the lack of formality causes one party to be cheated out of an equitable share of their joint possessions and assets.Usual RuleWhen a man and a woman (unmarried) live together for so many years the state looks at them as a married couple. All states don't recognize this law.
someone that has a qual in the profession such as a PHD or a major and is licensed to practice in certin city etcIt is different in each state. In TX you can be licensed if you have a doctorate or masters. there are also other requirements.Each state has its own requirements that people need to be licensed. In FL you need a masters degree, complete a specific amount of hours working in the field over two years and a licensure test. FL is one of the toughest on requirements. If you go to a counselor feel free to ask about their credentials.
I wonder about that too.  Maybe because with prostitution, the man is paying the woman for sex he will enjoy, but with porn, both the man and the womanor whatever the combo is) are being paid, and it is considered "work" for both of them.i would say, its just arousement that comes out of porno, not actual sex... it should be another plane altogether.... . http://urbansiege.blogspot.comBecause we live in a messed up world.  It all should be stopped.Because of the way the actual financial transaction takes place. Seriously. That's the answer.prostitution your selling your body for some one to do as they please and they could kill them  pornogrohy is only pctures and sites and movies hard to kill someone threw a tv or magizen
Don't try, you're not here to save the world, only god can and a lot of us seem to have a serious problem with that one. Get back down here. Which baddies for today? . No human beings without wars, and no peace without violence. Opposites are necessary in this world. There's no absolute anything.Economic stability, and a fairer distribution of wealth and power.. . Won't solve everything - there are always fanatics - but it does cut down drastically on the support that fanatics get.I had a friend who said the only way to wake the entirity of human society from their collective stupidity would to be dose the whole world, in one night on Ecstacy or LSD.Peace begins with you.  Each person needs to live their own life peacefully.  Then, send letters to the people in power and tell them how you feel.  Spread your peaceful thoughts and ideas.  Good luck.it can't be done. Its never been done in all of history so why now. Its human nature. Once there is total peace then the world is over. Nice thoughtObviously don't contribute to anything other than peace, but seriously there will never be peace on earth until after the last days, (it's a biblical truth that I will, hmm, and am actually, bet my life on, you will never see proven false, there will never be world peace until ironically "the end of the world". things will on ly get worse.) this is real life, not a beauty paegent.
One race, baby. Che is right, you must not've taken junior high biology. There are different types; n-e-g-r-o-i-d, caucazoid and mongoloid. This is important because; of these main types, as there is mixing of genetic material people become more resistant to disease and more physically diverse as well as readilly adaptable to more environments. For further information basic studies can be pursued at your local college.>>>>How can Humanbeing be soughted out into different Races. . In an infinite number of ways. Every society and culture has had its won racial classification. . . What is telling is that no two of them were the same. . . Greeks believed they were the same Race as Egyptians, including Nubians from the Upper Nile, but a different race from Persians. Modern White Americans generally believe they are the same race as Greeks and Iranians (Perisans) but a different race from Nubians. . . Most modern Malays believe they are the same ‘brown’ race as Indians  and Negritos and but not the same race as Europeans. Most Europeans believe they share the same Caucasian race as Indians but are racially distinct from Malays.. . And the list of examples goes on and on.. . Human beings can be soughted into races any number of ways. It is even possible in theory to sought humans into races base don genetics, but oddly enough no racial scheme in the history of the world has ever had any genetic basis.. . >>>>what are the concistency of Race physical Traits. . . They aren’t consistent at all. Races form a continuum. No matter what physical traits you use for your classification scheme they will be inconsistent and arbitrary.I took an interesting course that stated that there might not be such a thing as "race"The common concept of race has been proven invalid by genetic research and anthropological research. If you really want to know more take a Introduction to Anthropology course at a college or university.there is only one race and that is the human race.  physical traits differ among people of different nationalities because of time.  time is evolution.  depending on the region of the globe, evolution happens to adapt to certain conditions.
It deals about how people work, co-operative with each other in a working setting. It also examines many various aspects of job and its relation to behavior, like stress and love in working place. I hope i give you some insight about his.They make sure everything goes smooth between employees and bosses in large companies and try to keep an even keel..where most people are happy or satisfiedThey have several tasks:. Help in the personell selection and integration process.. Stablish health profiles in terms of how many work hours every one is putting in, how much stress they are enduring... that sort of things.. They help to improve Organizational communication, across sections and even among employees.. They help (or should help) to develop the basic role of every position in the company.
Do you mean the psychological definition of communication?. I don't know.Psychology of communication is the study of how we communicate with each other, both verbally and nonverbally.
An extremist is one who advocates or resorts to measures beyond the norm, especially in politics.. . Terrorists are extremists.  Instead of dealing with issues in a normal fashion, they take it to the extreme.Their belief is to the extreme. They are passionate about something.To call someone an 'extremist' is to use a label.The very variety in response to your question indicates that it means different things to different people.However to club extremist with terrorists (another label?) seems to be rather unfair.. Use of such labels is a kind of politics, necessary at times perhaps, but something that may be done with caution and after a lot of research, especially when dealing with groups rather than individuals whom we may know well.Truely,it means that they takes matters into their own hands instead of walking by faith and be at peace with others.they see only white or only black ...they don't know the colour Grey and they can't choose both of them...... . yes or no..good or bad... . and they do anything that they can do to sustain their belifs...(sadly)They're are a deviant of the stereotypes associated with the original organization, usually having radical theories and beliefs, but still acknowledging many of the traditional values in the group.
You know this has been asked over 500 times here? Did you know there is a search feature here?. . Also, what on earth does this have to do with sociology?Choose the answer you like here:. http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=AqZQ827i3PUFAU.c1hFmterpy6IX?p=why+is+the+sky+blueThat is the colour of light that is reflected back to the surface by the ozone. :)the sky is blue only sometimes,when i lived in the city i never knew it was blue,i have seen it pink,orange,gray and even steel color.many conditions make the sky what ever color it is at that moment.what they are could me the sun the weather,or just pure magic.i can tell u why sky is blue but if u told me why blue is blue not green for example .. ! . . anyway ,i guess its cuz of the ozone reflection as she said ..bcuz the God create the sky with blue colourbecause its not yellow
Business manager.  He protects her, bails her out of jail, and gets her set up, teaches her the business, manages the business affairs, etc.The pimp goes out and finds the clients for her.  Then he takes a cut of what she earns.  I don't know if they need a pimp to get more business, I'm not a prostitute :)kind of like an athelete and his/her agent. Finds them work with certain connections- instead of out looking for work on your own.To beat them up and take their money.In many cases the woman does not at all need the pimp - it is the pimp who is forcing the woman to work this way.
'Mob mentality' is the social drive that compells the individual to act as the masses do. It is also known as the 'hive mind' trait.. It happens when individuals accept to be led by information that was given to them without questioning it.. (recent example: attitude of us people vs Iran, they were told that Iran wants that and that and they believe it even though there's no evidence of anything, they were told why it's bad but not why it's good)Strongly exhibiting traits of conformity and groupthinking.mob mentality is the reason given for doing things as a group that you never would even consider doing as an individual.  it's far easier to act as part of a group if you're not comfortable acting alone.  also, you may feel your actions are more forgivable if others are performing them as well.  remember, even wild animals know- there's safety in numbers.asking meMob mentality, also known as "hive mind" (sometimes spelled hivemind) is a form of collective consciousness strongly exhibiting traits of conformity and groupthink.. . The term is also used in science fiction to describe a group of individual organisms that together share a single unified mind, distributing thought and communicating with each other through telepathic means. This is somewhat analogous to how colonies (i.e. hives) of social insects such as ants, bees and termites can seem to behave as if they were a single collective organism.
my best friends bro has this, its basically an attention getter n to get attention from other ppl, without realizing it that they are doing it!!mostly kids have the problem, they are really hype, they can't be quiet all to long, they need attention, if not they'll cause it, by being loud or what so ever...The concept of mindfulness has a long lineage, dating back more than 2500 years, and writings in SDT have discussed the importance of this, and related qualities of consciousness for behavioral self-regulation and well-being. Mindfulness is an open or receptive awareness of and attention to what is taking place in the present. The construct has been operationalized in dispositional terms by the Mindful Attention Awareness Scale (MAAS), a 15-item self-report instrument with a single factor. The scale has been validated in college, working adult, and cancer patient populations
keeps the important things/relics of ur history...Art Musemums R where u find each generations idea of living. Every class of our humanity is shown to pass on to the next generation.
It is not The Procrustean Theory but A Procrustean theory.  A Procrustean theory is any political or sociological theory which is modified to fit the situation.1 entry found for Procrustean.. Pro·crus·te·an also pro·crus·te·an    ( P )  Pronunciation Key  (pr-krst-n). adj. . Producing or designed to produce strict conformity by ruthless or arbitrary means.. . . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------. [After Procrustes, a mythical Greek giant who stretched or shortened captives to make them fit his beds, from Latin Procrusts, from Greek Prokrousts, from prokrouein, hammer out, to stretch out  : pro-, forth; see pro-2 + krouein, to beat.] . . [Download Now or Buy the Book] . Source: The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition. Copyright © 2000 by Houghton Mifflin Company. . . . . ------------------. . Perhaps is it just being used as an adjective there?
Sometimes pushing ourselves too hard is a mistake.  If you listen to your heart and trust your instincts, maybe you don't need courage.  Another thought I have is don't forget the importance of support from people who understand.  Most of us can't do it alone.Like the old Nike ad..."Just Do It!..."i think you already know the answer.sometimes when we know what we have to do,we simply talk ourselves out of it>listen to your good mind,ignore the lazy part of yourself.
When y r Sam ( or Sionist, the same) y deal with " The Rest of The World";. this represents the primitive awareness!!Your ability to instinctively respond to situations without having to think it through. Probably linked to latent animal awareness sensitive to it's surroundings, brought along over the millinea from a time when humans were a lot closer to nature.(and had to survive on the most basic levels)
I don't conduct any formal research on this, I just have a look around and I think that new ideas come across people's mind because those people do not stop thinking and they dare to dream. Notice that many people don't have any gutts to even just dream.Maybe we have many components that are only brought together with a single notion.We dont know they are there until we get the final peice.about scientific developement
Planned economies limit how much innovation, experimentation, and improvement can be performed within an economy.  While in theory a planned economy can account for all of a country's needs, in practice, it can't anticipate and react to changes in those needs, or account for elements not within its control, such as weather affecting crop production, outbreaks of disease, or natural disasters such as earthquakes and floods.   A market economy can better react to the result of those problems because it is based on a market, where the individuals and businesses in a marketplace have the freedom to make their own "management" decisions about what and when to buy and sell, in what quantities, setting their own prices, with the result that the collective decisions of all the participants in the market yield substantially better results than those of central planners.read adams- a free economy with few limits will result in the highest gdp and more intellectual freedom as-- people  are free to pursue goods of their own choosingThere are many disadvantages to a planned economy.. . Firstly, the state determines what is to be produced and where therefore consumers' wants and needs are not considered nor can they exercise any influence in production decisions. Secondly, consumers have less choice since they have to use the standardized goods produced by the state. Since there are no profits or competition, people running the factories have no incentive to innovate, take risks or increse efficiency.I dont feel anything is bad in it. In fact it helps the economy to chalk out the priority areas n work on those first
No one can read minds--they follow patterns and pick cards that most people will choose. There are also slight of hand that they can do so they can "cheat" and know your card when they don't think you are looking. Or the person they use as an example on the tv could be their partner and could be in on the whole thing. There are many ways to "read someone's mind".If you're talking about the trick where your card is suddenly missing from the group of cards, then there is no mind reading involved.  None of the cards are the same.A card trick for you based on maths:. . Take 21 cards and ask someone to pick a card but not to let you see it.. Tell them to put the card back in with the rest that you have without you seeing where they put it,.....they can even shuffle them if they want to.. Deal the cards, face up, into three seperate piles telling them to tell you which pile their card is in when you have finished dealing.. You must do this at least three times, but each time you pick the cards back up make sure the pile that their card is in is in the middle of the three piles.. Try not to make this obvious.. When you have done this for at least three times tell them that you can show them their card and as you deal the cards out in one pile, under your breath start counting the cards.... The eleventh card will be the one that they chose...... Always works and it has something to do with maths but I don't know what..... . Have fun!IT is like a master gambler. 90% of the time the person picks the number because it is based on odds.They don´t read your mind. A card trick is a trick because the magician is putting the cards in a predetermined order, so it doesn´t matter which card you pick, it will follow the pattern of the trick!hiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!=-)They don't. There is a special sequence that they do that always gives you the right answer.
Be friendly. Smile and make eye contact, but be genuine. Faking it won't work.Be with peopleGet to be a real people pleaser and people will flock to you.  Be very helpful, say nice things, don't gossip, be animated.  NOw, I am not saying this will make you a better person, just answering the question.be a good listener.
it is related to psychoanalytic theory. the main issue in this theory is that a basal conflict, from the early childhood, reflects itself in an actual conflict, without the person affected being aware of it. this is why in therapy the psychoanalyst tries to generate the transfer, so that the person can understand the link between the past conflict and the actual one and to understand that the way he behaves now was effective in the past, in his childhood, but is rather inefficient now and needs change (the coping mechanisms used to overcome or face the problem).. the "dynamic" under discussion also referrs to the id, ego, and supraego and the way they interact so as to determine psychopathology.. but this is a long story....Briefly and vaguely, psychodynamic theory is centered on the belief that incidents in our past affect us today and are manifested in different ways. A psychologist can look at a patient's behavior and try to make connections to a previous event and help the patient see the root of their current issue.
A number of early economists believed demand would always grow faster than supply, leading to a constant increase in scarcity and poverty.  Such a bleak outlook caused it to be labled the dismal science.who describes it like a dismal science?? . :o first news
Declining prices, if they persist, generally create a vicious spiral of negatives such as falling profits, closing factories, shrinking employment and incomes, and increasing defaults on loans by companies and individuals. To counter deflation, the Federal Reserve (the Fed) can use monetary policy to increase the money supply and deliberately induce rising prices, causing inflation. Rising prices provide an essential lubricant for any sustained recovery because businesses increase profits and take some of the depressive pressures off wages and debtors of every kind.. . With this in mind, I don't think that the computer hardware is experiencing computer hardwareex. the balloon wil b flat
Look at the source :) or an economics dictionary.Hope this helps your assignment... Taxation is a way of the government collecting money from the population to pay for government provided services such as schools, trains, hospitals etc. Hope that helps. You may need to pad it out a little ;)
As a general rule a cadaver in the water starts to sink as soon as the air in its lungs is replaced with water. Once submerged, the body stays underwater until the bacteria in the gut and chest cavity produce enough gas—methane, hydrogen sulfide, and carbon dioxide—to float it to the surface like a balloon.The water is heavier than a corp.I think it's a smart question. Yah.. why?. Maybe the soul has the power to make them moving. for example, the human can float even if is not died but because he's breathing & the waves goes into his mouth it's diffecult to do it so whan he died it's happened easily!!that is a sick question!!!
The relationship between a psychologist and a patient is a great example of persecutor and victim.  The transactions between them follow many of the sickest aspects described in the book "Transactional Analysis."  The psychologist attempts to become an authority figure, a father to a child, in an artificial dependency.Accounting I suppose.
What else is there? It takes knowledge to grow the food we eat. Knowledge is needed for doing our jobs, maintaining our health, knowing our religion. Everything in our lives is based on knowledge and the more we know the better we are.cause we are stupidWe're bored with what we already know, that's why.It is because of a tiny little cell , deep inside what you call your brain, that repeatedly sends out the message..."I wanna know more...I'm thirsty...I wanna know more...I'm thirsty,..etc.Because we start out with so little of it.The relentless pursuit of knowledge is a good sign. Can you imagine if the homo sapiens hadn't shown interest in learning? We'd still be pooping in the bushes and not wiping afterwards.Boredom,I think.I am a college student.I love knowing new things.Plus our brain,according to my Psychology professor is capable of so many different things,and we use so little of it for things other than the mundane,and the basic life mode,that we've gotta do something right?Why not learn?knowledge is the fundamentals to life, the more of it you have the more you will crave.its like when you have a taste of chocolate for the first time, your desire for more increases.
It depends on what measure of "how well" you're looking for, and what you're gauging against (what dimension of perception you want to gauge).  Check out the google search below for various types of perception and methods of measurement.5 senses...
I know some Turkish girls. I have never know that to be a true statement.not a bad question but not for women studies exactlyNever heard of this beforeIt is not a wrong statement. Some girls are quite hairy.. but it doesnt mean that they are turkish.. that is more a genetic issue.. and turkish people are normally darker so they have black hairs ... how can you expect somebody who has black hairs and can have blone hair on arms !!. I think even fair people have blone hair on their arm... as i have seen few
Really?.. I didnt know that. Thank you for letting me know (not being sarcastic btw.. really never knew)Because over there, it means 'up your bum'.Probably its a cultural diferenceYou are all wrong. It is not rude at all, in fact it is an encouragement "way to go."they may think you are just like being mean and the think you like themIt means "up yours" in Australia
with light. with circuit boardsOptical telescopes collect light, Radio telescopes send out a radio signal and translate the signal bounced back into images.  Optical telescopes are less accurate because there is too much ambient light, clouds, dust and distortion.
I agree..whites seem to be the only race that it is okay to make racist comments about. Where I live they have a Debutant Ball and it is only for blacks...and the the Mexicans have LULAC which is only for Latins. But, if you are white...you can NOT have an organization that is for whites only.....GO FIGURE!Actually, the Dave Chappelle show mostly makes fun of black people, and Mind of Mencia mostly makes fun of Hispanics (I'm half Hispanic and am personally both somewhat offended and embarrased by the show).. . However, I think the main problem with the sort of racism you're talking about is that there are more stereotypes still associated with non-whites. This makes it harder to do comedy because there are many people who will accept the jokes as being jokes about the people rather than jokes about the stereotypes. Just knowing this makes other people feel uneasy about the jokes, although there are some comedians out there who know how to deliver them correctly.Its funny to think that there is a term "reverse racism" as if there are different kinds of racism. The entertainment idustry has become so liberal and politically correct and in our society it is politically correct to be racist against whites. The rules need to be the same for everyone. It would be nice if we could all laugh at each other with no feelings being hurt. This won't happen for at least another 2 generations (minimum) our young kids are getting infected with this idea of "reverse racism" and they will work they're lives to fix our problems. SadMaybe because white people is well known for been slavers; minorities can say all they want and it will always pale in comparision with what white people did and some still does to different races, like blacks, latins, irakies,chineese, corean, japaneeses, indians (natives) etc...They all claim to be different now but we are not buying it thats why you all want to have a tv show to degrade minorities AGAIN!!!
Humans expend energy, so they need to eat to replenish that energy. What they eat is mostly determined by what their ancestors have eaten because that is what their digestive systems have become most accustomed to.becouse they get hungry.if we didnt we'd be dead.they eat to feed a hunger and to have energy to do daily things.  if we did not eat, we would dieI would not eat India. Even I'M not that hungry.May I know why you have posted this question under the section psychology?. If you want to say something more, why don't you publish a small comment in the same question?. . Katerinasome says they live to eat, so their answer to your question is: we live to eat. others say i eat to live, so that is also my answer I, a human being, EAT to LIVEThe only way to make sense of your question is to interpret it to mean why haven't we found a way to go beyond this technologically.  I suppose it would be possible to have some sort of life support system that did not require the use of the digestion.  Imagine a sort of permanent IV set-up.  But eating is the most practical way to get fuel into our bodies so they can sustain themselves.  Eating is also, for most people, an emotionally satisfying activity.we eat to liveOh, I see.... your indian.why do they eat so much?Because we need to. We will die slowly but surely if we don't eat.why do you eat...oh, let me guess, you don't!well, what do you do when you are hungry...or, considering that you are not eating for few days, when you feel like you are going to faint, don't you feel like...eating something!??!?nature made this need to let humans survive.
Medical and Health benefits are covered seperately through Medicare.. . Retirement benefits are based on the amount of money you've contributed to the system during your working years.  It's not a set amount.  The link to the Social Security Administration website below will take you to a Benefits Calculator online where you can input whatever numbers you have and see a theoretical benefits estimate.I'm pretty sure they cancelled Social Security.Social Security? Whats that? Is that still around?  Go to this url . www.ssa.gov/
Who says that someone can't be a perfectionist.  A perfectionist is only a person who strives to find the best in everything, not necessarily a person who is actually perfect.  A perfect person is different from a perfectionist."Perfect" implies that there is only one right way for anything to be; everything else would have to be less than perfect.. . So to search for perfection is exclusionary - if my solution is perfect, then your solution must be wrong.  But there can be multiple solutions that are all great solutions.  By seeking perfection you could be solution paths that may lead to other great things.  You may not be able to accept other people's viewpoints or their imperfections; you may reach solutions that are unrealistic for others.   . . The world is just too complex for there to be any "perfect" solutions.  There will always be trade-offs, and there will always be the unknown that you simply can't account for before it happens.  After all, what if you do implement the "perfect" solution and it fails because of something you didn't know about beforehand?. . And then there's the 80/20 rule: 80 percent of the work will take 20 percent of the time and 80 percent of the time will be spent on 20 percent of the work.. . Finally, what I have noticed in people who were brought up to so that imperfection was frowned upon is that they simply couldn't see their own mistakes. No, they weren't lying to me, and maybe not even to themselves - they just couldn't handle knowing they were in error so their subconscious filtered it out. When you can't see an error you can't learn from it; you have to own your mistakes before you can deal with them.That's because none of us are created perfect.  We are born sinners thanks to the actions of Adam & Eve in the garden of Eden.  They were born perfect, but when Adam fell for the serpent's trick that made not only him but all of us imperfect.Perfectionists have no fun and have difficulty keeping friends.. . Pat Robertson says they are "The agents of Satan".. . I lied about that last part.I try really, but it seems like the harder I try, the wrose it gets!It makes people crazy. If you always try to do everything to the best level, how are you going to do everything? Part of time managment is learning to minimize tasks.I grew up in a family where perfection was always the goal. It has taken me many years to realize that doing my best is as perfect as it gets. Being satisfied with what I have accomplished, for many years, was impossible. I sometimes left projects unfinished because I just couldn't get them perfect. Some I never started. I have learned to look at my completed projects knowing I have done my best and say "It's just how I wanted it".. . I am a happier person now and look forward to beginning new projects because I know I can finish them with a sense of accomplishment rather than constantly pointing out the not-so-perfect elements to myself.Sometimes I consider myself a perfectionist, but it depends on what kind of mood i'm in.NO ONE IS PERFECTim thinking because we as humans are not meant to be perfect, we can only do our best!Perfection does not exist. The goal of perfection is self defeating.
"A klediment can be almost anything that has earned a right to be a part of things close to you. It can be precious antique furniture gathered from grandmother, pieces of china, little handmade doilies, the straw mats on your floor, or the pricilla curtains you made yourself. A klediment can be a thing you love.A klediment can be a thing you just won't throw away.A klediment can be a person dear to you." From the "Dictionary of American Regional English," Volume 1 by Frederic G. Cassidy (1985, Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, Cambridge, Mass., and London, England)Klediment is mountain language for anything that is precious and has earned a right to be a part of things close to you
Take up Yoga.  I was skeptical at first but by the end of your first month you will say "wow"Pray.  Give your day to the Lord and I will assure you that He will see you through.  SURRENDER everything to Him.  Pick up a BIble and read it.  Psalms is a good start.Find anything that is of interest to you and do it. Try sports.When you wake up..get up!  Don't stay in bed thinking about the day.. Be active.  Have a structured life, have a schedule for daily activities regardless of what they are.  Try to get involved with community activities such as a local food bank.  When your concerns reach out to others your own sense of a life not going so good becomes lesser.. Have Hope.  Hope springs eternal!  Christ suffered and died for you,. you are important.   If you don't believe in God, pray to Him regardless.  Nothing is impossible for God!Just have a protein-heavy breakfast with eggs every morning, exercise everyday, and drink lots of water throughout the day.lookup up SAM-e. its a natural substance thats gaining huge popularity as a natural antidepressantYoga is definitely something that more and more people are trying, but I have read a lot of comments about people not wanting to put in that much time.  If you want to try natural remedies I suggest a site like naturalpharmacy.com or checking your local GNC.  I have linked up to one of my favorite sites.  Enjoy...
Zeus is like the ultimate god. Poseidon is his brother and hes the god of the sea.Zues is the king of the gods, while Posiedon is his brother and controls and rules the sea, yet because his brother is the king of the gods he is under zues' command.
i didn't get it. could you please elaborate itI live in the USA.  I once went to the Everson, in Syracuse, NY to see an exibit from either El Salvadore or San Salvadore.. . I was deeply effected by it.  It depicted war, death and dying. It was mixed medium. Some of the medium used were things like human blood, hair, and urine, that were from victims of their civil war or those who were thought to be martyers for the cause.. . The experience shook me to my core. . . I do not thnk that art like that "can" be marketed very widely in 1st World countries.  Part of the reason that it was so unsettling was that it was so foriegn to my sensabilities. The acts of war and violence were so graphic that it felt as though it was continuing into the present moment.  That is something "the average person" in a 1st World nation, does not personally connect to. . . Therefore, I do not see how it "could" terrorize 1st World capitalism
Anatomy plain and simple, and because women aren't overly communicative in bed they assume men should just know where to point and shoo t without direction which is impossible as every woman is structured different. So women tell em' where to go and they will get there! I know my anatomy very well and can turn a women into a crying mess by the time I'm done but alot of guys don't know their A&P, why should they if it's not in their job spectrum? So just speak up ladies and I'm sure it will enhance your sex life.Maybe because women don't TELL anyone what they want, they just comparison shop until the men are ready to kill them. ONCE in a LONG WHILE, a man will find a partner who will actually open her prissy mouth and SAY something when they are having sex, but in general, men learn about sex from other boys in grade school and lame books and magazines. Women learn about it from each other.Even though I haven't been with a woman I bet it would something and I sure wouldn't mind finding out either cause men would tear u up and then ask if it feels good after wards not don't get me wrong some men want you to cum but that don't happen often.im offended we dont get lost we just dont care 4 iti dont know, but thats why i turned lesbian....
Because he is relying on his own judgements and they arnt neccessarily the way God meant man to be.. Pride comes before a fall so the saying goesBecause that's the nature of the beast called man.is that a surprise ?? i dont think so..
Most people laugh because they want to hide their own fears n short-comings from other people and want to be with-the-crowd?!! Some think that it's funny?! I hope they do!Because it wasn't us that did it. I'm only joking. That is a complex question that I'm sure no one could answer but an angel whose had those experiences, snd makes children and tells them to laugh every day.there are things in life that you need not to take seriously. the easiest way to accept that you're mistaken is to make fun and laugh about it.if people's parents laugh at it their children most likely will too
Are you asking if the enviromental area of a persons life should be assessed for mental processing? Then the answer is a definite yes, as your enviroment has a great deal in how you have learned the things that you are doing in life.Because the social factors - family, friends, community, and country as well as one's culture, all these play a very large role in shaping what an individual thinks, opines, and acts upon in his life.
"When you are concentrating on something, you are using the hemisphere of the brain also used for processing motor input. It's also noticeable that some people walk more slowly when they are thinking of something difficult. This is caused by interference from the two activities fighting for the same bit of brain to process them. By biting your lip or sticking your tongue out, you are suspending motor activity and keeping your head rigid, to minimise movement and hence interference."Your crackpot theory is actually right on the head, or the tip of the tongue. Not just on fiddly tasks but concentrating on something difficult produces the same thing. Think about what you are doing the next time your computer goes wacky and you are really thinking and trying to figure it out. Your teeth are clenched or your tongue is right behind your teeth. Watch anyone while they are doing there checkbook or a crossword puzzle. This isn't just the young though they may have it hanging out those in public are more aware so it is behind your teeth...That is a very interesting thought and question.  My husband has a law degree, I consider him above normal (and odd.)  He sticks his tongue out when concentrating, bites his lip and also when really really into certain intimate things, his tongue goes out and looks as if he is slightly licking his bottom lip and chin.  Maybe he is not a freak, and it his way of concentrating on ONE thing.  I have found no studies on this one way or another.Great Question, but my tongue is sticking out trying to Answer it!I think it gives the brain more room to work.
From what i understand a "concealed carry" law doesnt really mean that the gun has to be concealed, but more that it can be concealed. In most carrying a concealed weapon is a crime, but in states with a "concealed carry law" it is not.I think it prevents more crime if a criminal lives in a conceal-carry state but has absolutely no idea who is packing.  If everyone walked around with a gun on their hip, those people would more likely than not, be spared the trouble that a  criminal might have in mind.  If he thinks a little old lady would be a good target but she's packin', surprise!Interesting that you asked this question in the psych forum.  As near as I can figure, the reson guns and knives and other weapons are required to be concealed is to prevent crimes involving the weapons.  The states most likely think that carrying a pistol at your hip is kind of like a chip on the shoulder---you're looking for a fight..  On the other hand, it is harder for police to surrveil a person with a hidden firearm or other type of weapon, but most criminals will conceal a weapon regardless of state laws.
internships, depending on the specific field that you want to pursue.Volunteer work in the summer, even if it is making copies and running errands for a psychologist or psychiatrist.  Then you will be around the people, you can impress them and get recommendations, you can ask questions and pick up things, etc.  Maybe if you impress them, they will let you deal with explaining and helping people fill out screening forms.Chances are, if you are studying psychology, you GREW UP in the field :)Join the psychology clubExternship program or Internship program.Try your undergrad advising office or one of your psych professors.  They usually have listings of internships or undergrad research assistantships for students to participate in.  They may be paid if you have work study, or may count for credit.i would advise you to choose your place of experience based on the specific area of your interest in psychology and then sit down and decide where you would get the most effective experience from. for example if you want to go into the field of child psychology and you are interested in working with children then you can work in a home for runaway children or disabled/abandoned children where your service will be beneficial and you will learn at the same time. do not short change yourself work somewhere where you will get good experience and get good recommendations from as well.
Let me read all of your answers and questions and maybe i can give you an opinion.. cmon, you have so many answers ans question that it is dificult for us to answer this. Try to giving us a more reduced group of answers and question wich you think can make us have a better view on who you are!where are ur questions and answers?psychology is not all about reading a person's mind.its about studing his behaviour.so no guesses
As a student of engineering I also have to pass some courses about sociology. It's really important because engineers have to deal with the society, specialy for does whom works in fields like civil engineering, architecture and rural development. they have to undrestand society needs and design their plans to solve society problems and needs.Sociology is going to give you broad-spectrum study of our society, how we look at ideas, mores, etc.  As an engineer you will be entering people's space, their domains, and it might be to your healthful benefit, depending on what part of the country you're in, to know the perspectives and values that people place upon what you are fixing to alter in some form or fashion.  The south is not going to be as open to non-traditional ideations.  The east is going to want modern but very eastern standards to be met.  The midwest is going to balk at any farmland being used up.  The west is going to want to stay within chic, upscale and/or southwestern motif.  Are you beginning to see how people and engineering, regardless of the engineering field are going to tie in together?
It can be improved by instilling pride in the employees. For instance, letting the employees get a sense of ownership in their workload will develope pride in the work and in the organization as a whole.it can not
yep - it can cause a slow, agonizing death.  Um, why do you want to know?It's a heavy metal. It works similar to Arsenic.
Communication barrieres can be antyhing that hinders a communication to be successful. Communiation barriers can range from a simple noise to even individual differences. For instance, when you are talking to your friend a small noise that distracts either of you and you both miss some important message you both are talking is also a communication barrier. Another example, when the two people who are communcating to each other, if their understanding of the subject that is being discussed differs, then again communciation barrier is existing.Being unable to talk with someone you fancy!
a person go through life,raising a family,career,buying home etc.then loved ones start passing on and then you realize life is too to short to pass up loving your family more.if i could give bring my sister back and greatgrandson and daughter,i would give anything.now we are going to church and have faith that we will be around for our 4 sons and 9 grandchildren.my sister [60yr] in sept,greatgrandson in[4mo]dec.daughter 32yr in jan.we have custody of her 10 yr old daughter since 9 mo old.so we know god is the secret to getting through life,no matter how much money or what we have in material worth.If you knew the secret of life, would you live it?the answer is when1)Smile and you will get the joke. 2)Speak quietly carry a big stick. 3)Anger, Sadness and Fear lead to the darksideit wouldn't be a secret if u knen now would itslice it into many small pieces and fry in tar.... you will find the answer
People will give you many varieties of "the facts". The fact I wish to present is that acceptance of homosexuals is growing.the facts are, it's not socially excepted. I hope it never is, homo-sexuality is not natural. I don't care what they say " I don't choose to be attracted to men i just am" that's b.s.DON'T ASK DON'T TELLEveryone has there own opinions.  Those opinions may be based in religion, science, or ethics.  . For the religous, I practice in treating others as I would like to be treated, or doing onto others as I would have them do onto me.. As far as science, there is not evidence to support that homosexuality is a choice.. Ethically, any time in the past that we have treated people badly based off of what we did not take the time to understand, we have ended up regretting it.  . . The Fact is that most people feel uncomfortable around homosexuals because they don't understand them.  I'm not claiming that I do, but I'd rather not judge someone based off of something about them that doesn't really hurt anybody else.. . There are communities in which homesexuals can find support and acceptance for who they are. But for the most part, they probabally are not going to find much support through a forum such as this one.
I am not a sociologist. But by the virtue of my life experience, I can say that SOCIAL aspect is the gudieline, a boundary line which seprates human from the beast.. Which gives the guideline to human to live  on earth like a. well oiled machine.The social aspect of what?
A moral imperative is an ethical responsibility. A line of conduct or behavior judged as the right one, by a majority of people within a community.^ these two above are copying off each other.  It's a line from the movie "Real Genius" with Val Kilmer.  Give me the 10 points.
inner is more important in the long run. physical beauty may attract the guy's attention at first, but if he finds that her personality sucks or is not compatible to his, i believe he won't be able to continue the relationship. guys may be visual creatures but give them some credit. after all, they have brains too :)Inner. Because when you're 70 years old, that beautiful women will have wrinkles and all sorts of transformations-she won't look like she did 50 years ago. Atleast with inner beauty it'll always be there.Physical Beauty is nice, every man has their own preference.  It seems that younger men are more into beauty than as they get older.  Inner beauty is always the best.  Who you are is who men have fun with, fall in love with, noone wants a mean or a cheating girl.I think the reason we give so much precedence to physical beauty is that it is meant to be a real, tangible indicator of inner beauty , something intangible that you can't see. Although we all know deep down that physical beauty is no indicator of character we still tend to attribute good qualities to a beautiful person unless we see very stong evidence that they are 'evil'always innerphisical beauty is great,but innrer beauty is better.when you know how special somone is you would never want to hurt them.i think inner beauty is better that physical beauty. in physical beauty means surgery, the inner beauty also means Ur true self. and why should we care about what men think men don't know the word beauty if its tick on their ass or their dick
Most profanities were first coined by males - so they spared their own sex [father, brother, etc.] from being included in their profanities !. ...Persons involved in such incestuous relationships are the vilest of sex-criminals - in any and every human being's eyes, irrespective of their nationalities, races, or lingual backgrounds. So, they are any slanderers' first choice while abusing one another - because they'll hurt most !I hope I am not as judgmental as kittykid, but I will say that incest is the last taboo and therefore the only thing that is shocking.  If you call someone a homosexual or a an infidel, or a communist, in almost has no impact.  But, incest is considered bad almost universally.A culture's curse words are defined by what that culture holds most sacred and private. In our culture, for instance, our sacred and private things are what we do in. . 1) The bedroom. 2) the bathroom. 3) Church. . These three topics cover almost every curse word we've got. Since the incest taboo is pretty widespread, and sex happens in about every culture, it's not surprising that some incest related terms are curse words. As for why it's mother-son, hard to say. Could be that mothers tend to hold a more special place for a society's males, and so they are more more eligible to be cursed (why curse something no one cares about?). Or maybe Freud has the answer...
Why do you call yourselves 'whites' when you actually come in various shades of pink ?!Since the days when Africans were first transoprted into the US as slaves, a lot of genes from white people have been inserted into the African American gene pool. When we first got here were were very dark. Close enough to black for the moniker to stick. But since then, children have come from biracial unions and that's why we are so many different shades of brown. Think of adding milk to chocolate.If you mean African Americans, I think they call them black because their skin is dark, and black is dark.. Besides, white people aren't even white.Because people who say that are ignorant. Just like "white" people are not white. They are pink.years ago when black people were first brought to the US they were much darker. in africa they were exposed to much more heat and sunlight which made their skin darker..not to mention that it would be hard to find a family tree of black people that doesnt have some white in it somewhere.because most people in society are racist a$$holes! i am bi-racial (african-american and cherokee) and i hear questions like this all the time, and its getting old already. i am 'light-skinned' and people still call me 'black', and i am always saying that i'm light brown, not 'black'! even the african-americans that i know that aren't mixed don't consider themselves 'black'. other than africans, i really don't know anyone dark enough to be considered 'black'.Sorry, but when I look at anyone, I see NO COLOR!!cause this world is racist and messed upi dont think we should call them anything. i am white and i believe we should just call them equal to us we are all Gods children no matter what color our skin is.
Hi, i live in the "RGV", in TEXAS (not TAXES) and I really like it here. Some people might find the weather to be really hot but eventually you get used to it, and in the Winter time it does not get that cold, so that's a plus. Don't worry, about being bored here, because I'm sure you will find plenty of things to do!Personally I wouldn't visit Taxes if my life depended on it. If you're looking for friendly people stay away from Houston. (road rage capitol of USA)
what you learn in psychology is that some people cannot stand their life and they would rather jump off a buliding and die than live in the situation they are stuck in. they need to get help before its too late. i was kind of confused about ur question... is this what u were askingBecause people keep telling it that it's not a science.That doesn't make any sense. Try again.
Sociology is the study of society. The meaning of the word comes from the suffix "-ology" which means "study of" and the stem "soci-" which refers to society. It is a social science involving the study of the social lives of people, groups, and societies, sometimes defined as the study of social interactions.It usually concerns itself with the social rules and processes that bind and separate people not only as individuals, but as members of associations, groups, and institutions. Sociology is interested in our behavior as social beings; thus the sociological field of interest ranges from the analysis of short contacts between anonymous individuals on the street to the study of global social processes.A study of people and cultures, their relationships to others in the culture, other cultures, and the environment.sociology is a metter that mean science between human,their relationship in society.
Explicit memory is when you are ready to describe such information because you are aware that you're having it.. . Implicit memory is vice versa, you are not aware and not ready to describe it. You must take some times to recall it.Implicit memory: ability to ride a bike after years of not riding one.. . Explicit memory: remembering exactly when and where you learned to ride a bike.One likes to implode and the other uses vulgar language.dude, didn't you buy the text book?
not sure about this so check around - I think it may have something to do with the fact that the platelets (red cells) are dying by the time they enter the bloodstream. I think the shape may be a result of the cell nucleus having collapsed.Amaizing isn't it? the circle and related shapes (round) are the most effective and efficient of shapes.because it is the shape with the most surface area that can still slide easily through our veins....lol i used to wonder that myselfhmmm well why is a donut shaped like red blood?? that's alarming. maybe the guy who first made donuts was a vampire, or had psychopathic tendencies and was trying to find an outlet for his deviant feelings without resorting to graphic violence. maybe he was trying to take over the world and turn us all into vampires, and thought that we would become desensitised to consuming blood if we accepted donuts. well there case solved.look at your body, the shape of the earth, planits, life is an orb. Why? Think if the practicality of it.vampires have rights don't they?it allows for flexibility in the small blood vessels and also a large surface area for exchange of oxygen with the tissuesit's to increase the surface area for absorbtion of oxygen as well as for gaseous exchange.. . by the way, what grade are you in?You life in red blue and grenn whats about blood dna is more history of your own y time is great
Mapping a course of action and the steps to be taken beforehand.  It helps a person figure out the obstacles that are expected to arise and how to overcome them before coming upon them.Planning is being aware of what your next step is. It is preparing rather than improvising on the spot. Planning gives us an opportunity to weigh options and pick and choose those that will best suit our needs for that moment and that task. Planning is what helps us see beyond the moment, but trouble shoot around the possibilities that could come in conflict with our goals. Planning is what helps things WORK!! :)Planning is the primary organizing works of all resources ( labor,capital, land and entrepreneurship) on a program to use them effectively .
its a bit difficult but i think the best thing to do is go to Church and get Divine Intervention. You can also try to live in environments that are drug free such as parks and maybe the lake, anyplace that won't remind you of drugsIn my opinion, drug use is a victim less crime and should not carry a prison term.  Yes, i agree that people get very sick from the use of certain drugs and yes they do need help.  Sending these people to prison only makes them a criminal, you don't send someone who can't stop smoking to prison and nicotine is a drug.. . The government needs to try a different path to solving the worlds drug problems.  Honestly i think drugs should be legal and taxed.  That tax money should be used for people with drug problems.  If someone is willing to hold a store up at gun point to get their drugs wouldn't you rather them get the drugs legally and get the help they need so they do not commit crimes and get off the drugs.. . I mean, how much of our tax dollars go to the war against drugs when our tax money should be used to help reduce pollution and help the poor, etc...  Drug addicts are nothing more then sick people that need help not prison time.. . There are far more important issues facing the world today and we need to get our priorities straight or things will certainly get worse.One needs to acknowledge that they need help and then find the appropriate resources.  It's not just a matter of mind over matter - it is an addiction and your body craves it and it's physically painful and horrible to even attempt to go through withdrawal without help.  I have to say from experience that if one needs to kick an opiate habit, there is a wonder cure (I tried de-tox 3 times before trying this) it's called suboxone, and it will save your life...You have to want freedom badly.speak to any doctor who will set you on the right path.  its a hard path to follow as i have relatives whom where ever hooked on hash and we knoe that hash aint hard drugs as such.  any drug is addidtive.  you need help or someone you know if writing on behalf of them.  it takes time, be paticent.  doctor will probarly prescribe methadine or something like that to wein you off at firt so you still get that "buzz" but its not those harmfiul drugs you were taking before, these are controlled if takedn properly.  hope this helps....it requires intensive therapy, developing a social support group, attending narcotics anonymous meetings, following a twelve step program etc.Detox centers, but mainly from acknowledging their addiction and using their own will power to conquer their addictions.I think counsellors will do it betterOne can only get free from drugs on their own accord.  If they don't want to then they will continue to use and society has for years pushed drug users to the backs of our courts and also back on our streets.. . We live in a society where drugs are being produced in our neighbors homes and everyday children are being taken out of homes here in Tx that were meth labs!  Problem is, no one wants to get involved and put themselves in harms way of that drug addict.  It is easier to lock our doors and ignore what is on the other side, until of course your home is the one broken into and it you that becomes violated by a criminal in need of that fix!Ship them to Amsterdam!Its all in Mind! if u wanna quit drugs u have to have will power . whenever u feel like taking drugs just calm of or divert ur mind towards other things. . Really telling u its all a mind game . and either one wins your mind or drugs !
Because some people just follow a mold, and going to the prom is part of that mold, so they think everyone should, or should have.. . I did not go to mine either - boring people, lousy music and gross food - who wants an evening of that? Isn't that what weddings are for?You're not alone, I didn't either.I'm not going to my Junior prom. It's not worth it. Plus a lot of my friends are going to the city (NYC) afterwards and/or are getting drunk- and probably going to get lost. . It's not that I won't go because I don't have a date; I'm not an outcast, either- which is what some people may suspect. It's just not worth my time or money.That happened to me too. What the heck is prom anyways - to me it's just another school dance or get together for teenage boys and girls. It's no biggy to me. Maybe they're the weird ones. I'm not going to spend lots of money just so I can dress up for one night.Ignore the weird looks, just because they think an expensive dance is an important part of life doesn't mean you should feel that way or that it even is. I went and was bored, not to mention being out the money for the dress/tickets/etc. It can be enjoyable if you love parties, love buying extravagant outfits you'll never wear again, and really like your fellow classmates. If not, a small, casual get together with your real friends is so much better!Those who went to their Prom will try and have those who didn't feel bad because they know Prom wasn't that great anyways. Make themselves feel better for all the money spent on just one night.Maybe they are the weird ones.High school proms are a coming-of-age event for most of the US. If you don't attend, you can't have come of age :). . It's ridiculous, of course. The amount people spend on prom and is way out of whack with the actual importance of the event.. . See the washington post article below - you may find it enlightening.I wasn't even INVITED to my highschool prom, and I think that was great. Imagine, having to spend a whole evening with all that boring people!!Because people are for the most part like lemmings.  If one person does something, then it is socially "unacceptable" to not do it too.  Don't even worry yourself about it. Picture the lemmings jumping off the cliff and have a good giggle! If more people were individual in their own thinking, you wouldn't get weird looks.
Forgiveness release negative energy that tends to make us treat ourselves badly.Forgiveness is a selfish act that is necessary for inner peace.If you have something you would like to forgive start small and pay attention to the little things.The details in your life that seem to change as the forgiveness becomes more complete.It normally helps you get over the problem faster because you are no longer (or not as) mad at the person.When you forgive, you are in essence saying, "I am not going to let this betrayal,or whatever eat me up. I am moving on with my life."Hate,anger and resentment are very painful emotions.When you are holding a grudge,you are hurting yourself physically and mentally.When you forgive and let go,you feel a sense of peace.You feel as if you dropped very heavy bags that you have been carrying for a whilebecause when you forgive you are not stressed over what made you madyou become less stressed and guilt is removed.When you truly forgive someone you are affirming that you have the capacity to grow, change and love.  When you forgive someone, you create an opportunity to have peace with them, and peace is a very good vibe.  When you don't forgive, you are essentially cultivating negative things, like anger and resentment.  Though it initially might require effort, forgiveness in the long run frees you so that you can nurture more positive things in your life.It's not. It's wimpy. MAKE EM PAY!!!it allows you to free up your mind and heart to healthier emotions. and, perhaps, in the act of forgiving someone else you recieve forgiveness yourself.Because when you are angry...it is like U have to keep reminding urself.. I'm mad ...I hate so an so.. each time you run those thoughts through your mind you are pretty much telling yourself U hate yourself.. That is what the mind hears, and so u put bad in you get bad out.. now... . Forgiveness is theraputic because.. when U forgive someone and say give it up to GOD.. the problem is no longer worrying you.. You can just let go and spend time thinking about good things.. You feel better, because you are not carrying that anger or holding a grudge for years...I know as SCORPIO...about holding grudges.. The only one it ever hurt was me.if you forgive, its like a heavy load on your heart is taken away and disappears to the unknown.
actually psychological disorder is one chapter or subtopic in abnormal psychology. under abnormal psychology, you'll learn many psychological disorder like schizophrenia, anxiety disorder and major affective disorder.psychological disorders are part of abnormal psychologyAbnormal psychology is the term used for a broad range of stud y dealing with mental illness. Psychological disorders are subsets of behaviors defining specific forms of mental illness in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)
It is the simplification of everyday functions and the ability to equate them to more complex processes.  In short, you explain why something happens in a way that relates to your own theory on the subject.  EXAMPLE:  "The sun is yellow because I believe that the blue sky filters out the other colors in the vast spectrum of the visible color band".  Just pick a topic and write on your own beliefs but back them up with verifiable evidence.Theoretical perspectives are schools in Sociology that analyse everyday society.  For instance; Marxism, Functionalism, feminism, postmodernism etc.. . One idea to write about could be crime; it's everyday, global and lots of info available.  from a Marxist perspective, you could look at the role capitalism may play in crime, such as white collar crime; or functionalism and how they may refer back to the family and lack of religious beliefs.
Because humans are visually stimulated. Research has leaned more towards men being more visually stimulated and women being more emotionally stimulated. So you see something you like and you get turned on by it. There's nothing wrong with that!Huamn beings and animals are hardwired to become aroused by certain body parts.  This is because, biologically, to perpetuate the species we NEED to be attracted to each other.  . . Interestingly, various cultures develop additional and different ways to become aroused.  For example, the Chinese culture developed an interest in very small feet for their women which led to the crippling technique of foot-binding.  Entire new ways of making love evolved from the interest in this altered body part.. . Male Baboons become aroused to mating by the view of the swollen red buttocks of nubile and receptive females.. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baboon. . Anyway, there have been written literally thousands of books on this subject.  I hope this helps.I would think its because you didn't know what they looked like before and you're so happy to see something good that the only way you express it is sexually and you would love to act on that excitementBecause some people think more often about sex and like it very,very much... and remember that imagination works all the time...I imagine that most males are aroused by the sight of a females anatomy.. Female cleavage, legs, the rise of the buttocks, the front of her waist are all interesting female attractions to be cherished/observed.. Each man has their own preference for their favorite part of the female anatomy whether clothed of bare.  JoseWHY DO BODY PARTS TURN YOU ON you mean!  I myself find dismembered arms and legs disgusting!  You have some kind of fetish for amputated limbs!than why dont people in nud ist camps/africa have boners all the time, must have something to do with social conditioning, . just looking at a girl, plant without context of knowing it is a "plant" can be a little sickening yea?it is the law of natureI have a fetish for a man's legs-they're forbin in today's culture ... which makes them more appealing ... guess it's because a man can work out his legs and form nicer mucsels than me with less time.  I carry a "Spitory" when I goto Europe to catch my drool.. . His jaw line and throat are things I scope out too. I guess the jaw line can show how genetically superior he is and the throat shows his beating heart <those vains pumping>
It is difficult and takes real work. I think, like many things, that with practice it would become easier. But as you might guess, I haven't got a real good handle on it yet!It is a conscious effort.  Practice good faith whenever someone tells you something.  Keep an open mind.I think alot of times relationships (whether they be friends, lovers, co-workers, family, etc) are messed up or compromised by people who jump to conclusions or make assumptions based on minimal information.  It's hard not to sometimes judge others but think about how you would want to be treated.  Maybe if you put yourself in their shoes, you'll think twice.  We've all got faults.jumping to conclusions is allways REALLY hard not to do, usually what i try to do is focus on the DIRECT meaning of the words conveyed, and if somone is giving out body language just ASKING them what is the matter or if they are angry with me. And then i also try to concentrait on my own actions and words and it usually keeps me from reading into others actions. But yes i am a type of paranoid person who lays awake at night and thinks that everyone is out to get me, and that no one is telling the truth and they are all evil. So i try to just concentrait on the REAL words and things that are conveyed or spoken, so i dont delve in too deep into the meanings.
Counselor, School Counselor, Teacher, Therapist, areas in bus marketing that psy can help. Research and studies in behavior, Testing development and implementation. Social Workers, Child protection, Adult protections, grief counseling, Target is currently looking for psy majors to work as managers.becoming a school counselor
man always gets his girl... happy ever afters. Good beats evil. you read it in alot of older pre civil war books..retardation.ideal, by which previous ages are depicted in a way which makes them seem better times, through removing flaws in the period and highlighting good parts,. take for exp, the western, the hero never dies, gets the lady and the life is rugged and free, when in fact other issues are un-adressed.. Romanticism was also a movement against modernism, which proposed the robotic nature of human life, taht everything could be studyied, the romantcis suggested looking at the un-quatinfiable, things to human emotion like the soul, love, laughterlove a girl
The nature of being someone. Like, being friendly is John's temperatment. or Crying ids the temperament of kids.natural predisposition o_-  . in my case...."I have an eclectic natural disposition"(m). . In psychology, temperament is the general nature of an individual's personality, such as introversion or extraversion, it derives from the theory of the humours.tem·per·a·ment  . 1. . a. The manner of thinking, behaving, or reacting characteristic of a specific person: a nervous temperament. See Synonyms at disposition.. b. The distinguishing mental and physical characteristics of a human according to medieval physiology, resulting from dominance of one of the four humors.. 2. Excessive irritability or sensitiveness: an actor with too much temperament.. 3. Music Equal temperament.. . [Middle English, from Latin tempermentum, from temperre, to temper;Temperament is the manner of thinking, behaving, or reacting characteristic of a specific person. . It is the distinguishing mental and physical characteristics of a human according to medieval physiology, resulting from dominance of one of the four humors. . Temperament can also mean excessive irritability or sensitiveness.degree of mesuring Heat energyIt is the mearsurement of your temper. Some have a quick temperament others are laid back and then there are the in betweens.Me...!!The capability to show your spirit.
Economics primarily assumes that individuals are rational. Unless this assumption is made true, research studies would not give the right results.. . For experimental research for example, it is important to have controls on your subjects to be sure that your subjects would give the rational answer and not give answers based on emotion.Nothing answers more appropriately your question than the Theory Of Rational Expectations. Its got a mix of human psychology consistency and strong rationale. The idea of human perception effecting macro economic variables and there by making some of the intended policy measures ineffective is really beautiful........do read about it
Socialization and culture have a huge affect on human behavior.  And actually, culture affects how we are socialized, which in turn, affects how we behave.I'm sure It would affect my behavior If for instance I were placed in Africa to live, everything would change.All of our experiences are colored by where we are raised, who raised us, experiences, and our own individuality. These are two of many factors that have a great impact on human behavior.
Your brain consumes carbohydrates to function - lots of em! carbs are the body's main energy source , like gas is to an automobile.. . This is why over exertion or starvation causes you to faint. when you are running low on carbs, your brain shuts down the rest of your body, so that it can hog all of your remaining energy in order for it (and you) to survive.Your body is focused on its efficient use and health.  It's part of what makes us a little different from most other animals.Lol, I've never heard this before but it rings true.  At rest your brain uses about ten percent of your bodies energy!  That's a LOT of energy for an organ that's not visibly doing anything.  . . It's also the reason that I've been confident that the old story about "only using x percent of our brains" was false, long before the specific functions of all the parts of our brains were discovered.  Well, they still haven't been really, although we learn more every day.  But evolution never would have allowed such an energy-expensive organ to persist unless it were doing something very important.  . . Natural selection will not eliminate something that is simply useless but if 90% of the brain were not doing anything AND using all that energy, there would be strong selection pressure against it.Because it never shuts down or relaxes, therefore it needs constant fuelBecause most people are stupid.maybe it's because it's responsible for about 30-40% of your calories burned each day. which is a lot considering that it's volume and weight are not 30-40% of your body's volume and weight, respectively.The brain uses fuel ALL THE TIME...it requires constant oxygen and glucose to function.
Emotional intelligence is a measure of our ability to perceive others emotions and manage our own. It is opposed to normal intelligence as measured by IQ tests.Is when you can differentiate between emotions and you know what right emotion to use for a right situation.Emotional Intelligence, also called EI or EQ, describes an ability, capacity, or skill to perceive, assess, and manage the emotions of one's self, of others, and of groups. However, being a relatively new area, the definition of emotional intelligence is still in a state of flux. Some, such as John D. Mayer (2005a) prefer to distinguish emotional knowledge from emotional intelligence, as discussed below.. . In 1920, E. L. Thorndike, at Columbia University, (Thorndike 1920), used the term "social intelligence" to describe the skill of getting along with other people. In 1975, Howard Gardner's The Shattered Mind, (Gardner 1975) began the formulation of the idea for "Multiple Intelligences" (he identifies eight intelligences), including both interpersonal intelligence and intrapersonal intelligence. Many psychologists, such as Gardner, believe that traditional measures of intelligence, such as the IQ test, fail to fully explain cognitive ability. (Smith 2002). . The term "emotional intelligence" appears to have originated with Wayne Payne (1985), but was popularized by Daniel Goleman (1995). The leading research on the concept originated with Peter Salovey and John "Jack" Mayer starting in the late 1980s. In 1990, their seminal paper (1990) defined the concept as an intelligence. Mayer and Salovey continued to research the concept, and created an emotional intelligence test called the MSCEIT (Mayer-Salovey-Caruso Emotional Intelligence Test). The term "emotional quotient" seems to have originated in an article by Keith Beasley (1987). Bar-on (1997) developed a test measuring emotional quotient, called the Emotional Quotient Inventory (EQi). There are numerous other assessments of emotional intelligence each advocating different models and measures.. . I copied it from the site.Being able to choose between what is right or wrong.What's wrong with reading your textbook? Emotional Intelligence: Five components- self-awareness,altruism,personal motivation,empathy and the ability to be loved by friends,partners and family members. People that posess high emotional intelligence succeed in work and life.
I often have trouble sleeping and I have found that the only thing that helps for me is taking a few shots of liquor before bed. I know it sounds bad but if you really need to fall asleep it works. I usually grab for the whiskey or vodka, but i'm sure it all works.you know what i do for sleep, when i have deprived myself to the point of walking zombie syndrome, is 25% coffee,75%. johnny walker red, but now thats just me i do not advocate this for the general public or people to young to post there own bail.the 25% coffee is to get me from where i am to a bed the 75% scotch is for my mind to get from where its at to somewhere in the twilightzone episode 56.I come on Yahoo! Answers. It's an addiction...It depends.  Sometimes I will go soak in a hot bubble bath with candles and ocean relaxation music while drinking chamomile tea.  Then, try going back to bed with the relaxation music on.. Other times, I stay up all night on this answers thing b/c it is so addicting (like right now I should be typing up my homework -- I will, I will, in just a minute -- this is the last answer, I swear!)!.   Sometimes, I just lie there and try and try to fall asleep.  I might get maybe an hour or so before time to get up.  Those nights really suck.I think of something extremely tedious, so that I forget what is keeping me awake, and go to sleep. I'm not kidding. It really works for me. Try to enummerate streets of your town in some kind of order, or the list of presidents/PM's or whatever you have in your country, in chronological order, or the capital cities of wherever you live or of the world, or the telephone numbers of your friends, etc.count sheep....you could drink some warm milk and then go to sleep...read the biblei stay reading a  book in bed and when i feel tired i close my eyes and sleep. if this is useless i stay watching tv until i get tired. otherwise i stay counting sheep but this is the last resource as sometimes by counting sheep i dont get tired. you can get sleeping pills also!i usually lay there and think of a good memory i have till i fall asleep and then i can dream about it.this kind of stupid stuff
1. perception: sensory processing of information. . 2. cognition:  intelligent processing of informationPerception is something physical, using your five senses. Cognition has something to do with mind and brain.Perception is the combination of what we know, how we attribute meaning to it and what we see as "out there" meaning outside of ourselves. . . Cognition is pretty much pure thinking, which may be triggered by perception.Perception are a progressive rock band wheras Cognition are more Speed Metal - both come from Houslow in Essex and have thin drummers but apart from that I don't see how you could confuse them .
who gives a damn what people think?. . just think before you speak...and say in nice way....care about the people...... . don't worry....nothing to be nervous about....they aren't Einstein/god/omniscient either. . dont hurt anyones feelings....but say what you want.. . even if you hurt someone's feelings by mistake . . 1. clarify....when someone points. 2. its possible you said it right..they misunderstood. . more important than the words you say.....are the feelings...if they are right/proper....no need to worryBreathing coordinately is very important.Throw yourself into something that forces you to be outgoing or to speak in public. It doesn't sound fun, but you'll be surprised at how little you have to worry about and you'll be glad you did it in the end.. . I used to be pretty shy until I decided to work for the news business, which has REALLY helped me.Sex Sport and whatever yuo need to feel more condident.  A balanced diet.  Be happy with yuorself. There is no such thing as the RIGHT THING to say.  Don't please other people, please yourself.BOO!     . . . . Haha...you're even more nervous now.Have more self belief...try meditating before going out... pick a mantra that means something to you and allows you to feel confident in yourselfits not a problem its simply lack of self confidence,though i am no psychologist but out of experience. i can provide u with some tips. . 1)try to be calm in all situation. 2)think before u speak(just say the sentence in your heart once before u speak out)this may seem stupid initially but surely will make u better with time.. 3)try imagine situations u have encountered earlier and find out your mistakes and try rectify them next opportunity.. 4)try to be well informed about the topic u r talking about.. try these they really help.Talk to people you have never seen and will never see again.  Ask them what time it is, where the closest coffee shop is, where they got their shoes, anything. It will become much easier to talk to people in general and you won't feel as nervous.Just be your self . Make friends, go out , attend some  small get together .B'coz when u be with ur friends surrounding they know u better than u so they will point u on your good & bad things .And help u out when you feel nervous .And plz belive in you , your the best like this u will get confidence in ur self ( Never get disapoint)you need to learn believe in yourself. once you become happy with yourself you will find out that more people start attracting to you. You cannot force things like this, you must truly come to accept yourself, and share who you truly are with others. When you do this, people who you want to surround yourself will be drawn to you. Good luckbreathe...Don't let the nervousness bother you. Don't even try to think about anything. If you fight your fear of saying something awkward or stupid, you'll only make the situation worse.
kinesthetic refers to the ability of the body’s sensory organs in the muscles, tendons, and joints to respond to stimuli while dancing or viewing a dance.. . . Kinesthesia is a key component in muscle memory and hand-eye coordination, and training can improve this sense. The ability to effortlessly swing a golf club, or catch a baseball requires a finely tuned sense of the position of the joints, so that the eyes can concentrate on the ball and let the kinesthetic sense handle moving the body as needed to meet the ball.^ these are great answers!We say some people have visual or  auditory personlaties there is also kinesthetic personality it is about the way to perceive life and learn ... . Visual personalities. The principal values of the visual modality are dynamism and perfection.. With dynamism we refer to the speed of visual intelligence. Visual people have a taste for action, speed, fun.. Perfectionism comes from having strong visual images, and experiences discomfort when in the presence of ugly or unfinished things.. . Auditory personalities. The principal values held by those with auditory dominance are strength in self and others and hard work inspite of adversity.. They are expressed in a strong personality and great will power given by auditory intelligence.. . Kinesthetic personalities. The principal values held by kinesthetics is the comfort and pleasure of self and others.. This value is related to refinement which predisposes one to kinesthetic intelligence.
Until the Roman Period, Egyptians were Eurasian / North African (DNA is without sub-Saharan markers). Modern Egyptians are more mixed: Arab and African blood lines have been added since antiquity.MIDDLE EASTERNRace does not exist in anthropological terms.According to the Department of State's Background Notes on Egypt the main ethnic groups in Egypt are: Egyptian, Bedouin Arab, Nubian.
I think you mean "Opus Dei". It is a conservative Catholic sect, that tries to maintain old dogmas, and protect the Catholic religion. If you can't seem to understand the principles and practices behind it, think of a strict, conservative Catholic grandmother that forces you to recite the rosary 24 hours a day. Go through Dan Brown's book, the Da Vinci Code - it has much to say about the Opus Dei.Opus Dei is a personal prelature of the Catholic Church. Its mission is to spread the message that all Christians are called by God to make Jesus Christ known and to seek holiness in and through their daily work, family life and social relations. . . To help people carry out this message, Opus Dei offers specialized pastoral care through classes, talks, spiritual direction, retreats, etc. This formation fosters the exercise of human and Christian virtues, and stresses sharing in God's work of creation and redemption by following the example of Christ's hidden life of work. One’s work should be done well for love of God and be seen as a service toward all who are touched by it. . . Opus Dei's name is Latin for "Work of God.". . Stay away from Dan Brown's explaination. . . it is seriously flawed.I think you mispelled it try Opus Dei...Dei is Latin on pronounced (kinda) like Day in English
Because your government deems it an extreme security risk.  Plus, if you can fly, it is more difficult to control your actions than, let's say, driving a car.cause they don't have wings....daaaa!!If God intended man to fly like birds, He would have given us wings.. Instead, he gave man superior thinking abilty to make airplanes which can get him to his destination without wearing himself out flapping his wings.Because its not necessary for our survival.You mean why can't we fly? Do you have wings?humans do fly. like everthing else we do, we need the proper tool to participate in that activity. the proper tool in this case is an airplane.they are to heavy and do not have wings. come on man pleaseno wings!. we don need em cuz v r bipeds. be happy with u have..dats the way god made us..:-)So are you being philosophical or simply having a drug induced reaction? Besides the lack of hollow bones, non-existence of wings and God's original plan and purpose for us we actually have the ability to fly--via airplanes,helicopters,jets, hot-air balloons, and hang-gliding gear.cuz we dont need toBecuase our bones are not hollow!I can fly. In a plane.Why don't elephants?  Not meant to be.Those pedal powered airplanes(Gossamer-Albatross) certainly seem humans do. There is a machine, but it is under their own power and practical distances, over the channel, from Crete to Greece.humans are unable to have the capacity to fly for a multitude of reasons.. 1.  our bones are too dense. 2.  our bodies are too massive to be sustained by wings.. 3.  we have too many carpal, medacarpal, and philanges in our arms to have a rigid wing. 4.  we do not have feathers, which is the smallest yet most significant detail of all.  this is what keeps the birds in the air.Who says humans can't fly? The hard part is missing the ground!Are you serious?We don't have hollow bones and we don't have wings.  Gravity has a major role in this.  We are too heavy.
attachment theory is important because they form their trust based on that way. if they are convinced that their caretakers are able to take care of them, they'll put trust and somehow will become more attached to the caretaker.Attachment is a function of time. The more time you spend with someone, the bigger part of their world you become, the more solid is your bond with them.Some say that the way to heal poor attachment is to re-parent.  The person develops a relationship (with a therapist, counselor, mentor, etc) that is unjudgemental, accepting, understanding, etc.  The person learns through the relationship that there is someone out there supporting them, available for them.  From there they generalize that relationship to other relationships.
It started in the middle ages, the English were fighting someone (I can't remember) and when they would capture their archers they would cut off their middle finger so they couldn't pull a bow anymore.  Well, the English lost that particular war and when they surrendered all the archers  threw up their middle fingers in a haha f-off we still have our middle fingers AND we won.a non violent race of people ,used the middle finger gesture when they didn't agree on something as they were a peaceful race.wow i was gonna say i don't know but i like buddies answer above me it sounds so real .....maybe it isDark chaos is right. It was the French we were fighting.
Because.... If they dont get there hands in the way. They may not be around to tell the taleIt's called a Fight or Flight Response.. It's a physiological response.  It is your . body's primitive, automatic,inborn response that prepares the body to "fight" or "flee" from perceived attack, harm or threat to our survival.To protect yourself from getting hurt.The head contains several organs that are critical for survival, the brain, the eyes and the ears, all of which are relatively fragile.  The reflex to place your hands and arms over your head is a subconcious reaction to protect these organs from damage as they are irreplaceable and irrepairable whereas a broken bone in the hand and arm can be healed.since u want to protect your head,the hands are most likely the guard that u use because they can hold up to the pain. hands can also cover the whole head, helping us to feel less pain when hit.if someone wanted to hurt any body part one should cover it...duhI'm pretty sure it's simply reflexive.I think it's like the Darwin Awards: People who did not have that reflex did not survive to pass along their genetic material.reflexi think you are trying to protect all the important vulnerable things like eyes, and lips.
Typically humorous people have gone to hell and came back ... they've given up on holding on to "stuff" so tight which allows them to see the "Stuff" as funny rather than devastating.. . Bi-polar people are great comedians because chemically they have extreem highs and extreem lows; this change in personalities causes them to go to hell, come back, go back to hell, come back .... over and over and over !!! This can be great for the short term person in their life; but the long term people have to go to hell with the bi-polars which usually drives the saine person away.  Jim Carey is a prime example of a bi-polar comedian.You know what....i think a person should be happy and satisfied with his own nature.....the one that he has from the vey begining.Coz you are more confident when you are what you actually are. Well be cheerful and confident....automatically these basic traits will come in your nature.. Take care!!Learn a lot of jokes and know how to ask them the right way.. Peaceu CAN'T become funny ... it's innate :)
We all are friends here.BTW how old are you ? !!!being a frined to your self . Being honest . treating your frined with respect. Listening.i don't know--don't know anyWell, there are chatrooms that you can meet people in, but those aren't always secure, and they seem to me to be kinda dumb. If you already live in America, it easy to find a friend. Go to a community center (church, YMCA, etc.) If you don't  live in the USA, do you have any relations here? If so get them to hook you up with someone here. Good luck!get a doggo out a lot. Talk to people. names and phone numbers. soon you'll have friends. If you go to school you really didn't need to ask this question.a tough task though. . try being a good friend instead
A race is a social and CULTURAL (rather than biological) construct based on external appearances. A tribe is BIOLOGICAL: based on kinship and patrilineal(father)/matrilineal(mother) descendance.The biological aspect of race is described today not in observable physical features but rather in such genetic characteristics as blood groups and metabolic processes, and the groupings indicated by these factors seldom coincide very neatly with those put forward by earlier physical anthropologists. Citing this and other pointssuch as the fact that a person who is considered black in one society might be nonblack in anothermany cultural anthropologists now consider race to be more a social or mental construct than an objective biological fact.. tribe:A unit of sociopolitical organization consisting of a number of families, clans, or other groups who share a common ancestry and culture and among whom leadership is typically neither formalized nor permanentA race is a group of people with generally similar physical traits - skin tone, facial features and blood chemistry. . . A tribe is a group bound by geography, language, and culture.. . A clan is a group bound by common ancestors. Sometimes the common ancestor is a real person, or mythical.. . In our hyper sensitive politically correct culture, it is hard to talk about racial differences, but there are some that cause difficulities when organ transplants are needed.. . Here in the USA there are many people of mixed Asain and European racial background.  Every now and then we'll hear. about a child needing bone a marrow transplant.  The most examples I've heard involve children of mixed backgrounds. Because of their racial mixture it is difficult to find them  matches.  People from some Asian CULTURES are not as apt to sign up for bone marrow matching and that leaves them vulnerable to not getting the medical help in a timely manner.. . TRIBE - A group bound of geography, common history and language. . CLAN - A group bound by belief they are bound by blood -descended from a common ancestor. Sometimes a real persona sometimes a mythical character. . RACE - A group of people of generally similar physical features and blood chemistry.
I came up with mine years ago when i was in eigth grade, I decided that I never wanted to get married and that I did not want to drive but instead would ride a llama around until I was ancient and that I really actually looked forward to being a insane old person so I came up with...oh wait, I don't give my e-mail address over the internet. Some of those things have changed and the address raises a lot of eyebrows but I still use it anyway.I wanted to have the first letter of my name and then my lastname, but since I was new I forgot my password. So I decided to put my firstname_lastname and I have been using it since.... . Thanks for your comments when rating my answers, that is the idea of this community, to give feedback to each others.I have a unique spelling of my name so I just used it.i think you can guess why i made my email address like this..obviously my email address is pretty boring, but i used to be buckeyedrewdog, where i was an ohio state buckeye, and my roommate always thought that drewdog was a good name to call me, so thats how i got it.My brother's friend said dudeski alot and it kindav cought onto me so i liked that word so i used and added withskillsthe very first one was a171g@hotmail.com: A stands for Ana, 171 stands for 17 January 71, which is my birthday, and G stands for my last name...Used the initials from the first two words of a business i was trying to start up.Um my mom came up with it (Higginstrio@sbcglobal.net) Higgins is my last name and trio means their is three of us in our familyOne day I was walking through the club and a guy who didn't know my name called me xtcgurl because everytime he said everytime he saw me I was rollin.  I added the 123 because I can actually still count that high!WELL THIS ONE sheilasheila44 is just crap it was a nother choice cause some one stole my real one... it was tiger.... and i picked that becaus i love tigers  a one eyed saporter of football and basketball,and now im stuck with sheila wich is women or girl .. . oh and my email is also tigerlee............ so yeah their you go. and i have seen some fantastic names  on here makes me think what in the helll was i thinking to do sheila when their is some beauties out their.. i might change it lol..I came up with my screenname here by looking at my sister's cat. She is almost completely black, but she has one white whiskar.  I liked the alliteration.I used a nick name that was given to me as a child.  Ecream, I also use IMAQTA ex girl friend helped land me my perfect email account. Its a nick name she made for me, I should say blunder. When writing my name early one morning, she added the last two letters of my first name to the end of my last name and it stuck with a lot of people. It rolls of the tounge and I like it, thats all that counts.well my name starts with b (brandon) and im real (i dont sugar coat) and i live in jacksonville fl... being real in the ville. i thought it was cleverWell this is originally what it stood for. People with the condition Arnold Chiari Malformation are usually called "zipperheads" because of the many surgeries that they go thru.  xyz=examine your zipper, free= I am surgery free,2002= the year that I opened the acct and was free of surgery up until then. (still surgery free,by choice,deal with a myriad of symptoms, but would rather face them,than face a surgery that many times is ongoing and surgeons who don't know what they are doing half the time.)I have a few different email addresses. 1 for school, 1 for work, and 1 for play. My primary one is just my name + lucky number, nothing very original I'm afraid.just wanted some sweet, short and easy name..so i created this id!its my name and zip code. :-(  not very original, but it was all i could think of, and now its too much effort to change.I wrote my nickname and thought of some numbersI was looking for a name for a game that I was logging into.  The only thing I could think of was thermometer, which, if you remove rmo from the'rmo'meter, was the meter.  I felt that the motor sounded better than the meter, so i took that.from Nordic mythology.. loki - norse god of mischief, a smartass & a quick thinker.. i have a "sharp tounge" & quick wit like him.. volsung - norse saga, dealing with brave generations of heroes of this last name. i am very curagious & loyal.. . does that help?I like living in the country, cowboys, and country life. I am a female so I went with girl although I am no longer a girl just didn't like lady or woman. and I was born feb 1978
Alcohol and drugs.. if this didnt work you might consider committing suiside.that would be four words you used in ur answer. try a therapist instead...or much easier, quit your job, go on vacation and enjoy life, just let yourself go and do something youve stored up forever. so take it easy and make the most out of life, there sure aint no time for wasting on depression and frustration...You will probably be like most and ignore the answer. Talk to your doctor and tell him/her your problem. If that does not work, talk to your clergy. If that doesn't work, go to the local mental health office and ask for referrals for counselors. Counselors, can help if you are honest and let them do the work. In reality, they will not hit on topics that you feel the need to touch. However, if you let them do their job, they will help. YOu may have to search and search for a worker. You must also find a psychologist who know how to diagnose and treat your symptoms.think of something that made you laugh. It may be simple but it's effective when you know the importance of doing it.. You cannot escape from depression and frustration easily, but it can be prevented. it's a choice!{1}  To deal with depression and frustation laugh boisterously... .  {2}  If you are an indian or if you know hindi language just go for the movie "MUNNA BHAI MBBS"..You would see that this movie really works.. .  {3}  Try giving 'JADU KI JHAPPI' to your friends...                   AND FORGET YOU WORRIES......You Need To Go To A Behavior Health Clinic. I go To One, And I,m On Medication. And It Helps.never put your happiness in a short term basis.i mean dont think your happy because you have every material in your life. if all these things are gone your hope is gone too. every human has physical,mental and spiritual aspects. and these aspects must in equilibrium.before you start your work acknowledge god and thank god for everything and you will feel that what you are doing is important becauce god bless your work. as you reach a higher level of awareness of your existence you will realize how important you are in the face of the world not just because what you are doing but because god guides you in every ways!if you know something good and tell it to a needy people who is confused and at the time hechoose to be positive because of what you sauid to him/her, it is the begininng of your quest!I am just giving you a list of things you can do - see if anyone of these help you. 1) Listen to any music you like. 2) Go to gym for workout. 3) Go for a holiday -(Places close to nature). 4) Do meditation. and if you are still feeling depressed and frustrated, you need to go to psychiatrist. Hopefully you would not have to go to a psychiatrist. . GOD BLESS YOUPut "depression and frustration" into a search engine, almost 2,000,000 ways to deal with them.Be happy, like me... I'm 100% happy, that's why I'm smiling. ( T_T)share it with friends. because it is proven that sharing problem can divide the burden and vanish the other part.. i welcome you if you wanna share with me...
I would say that death is a rest, a sleep; i would not venture to say more. I can say that i don't think there will be consciousness, not as we understand it here on earth.We wont know for sure untill we dieI'd have to kill you if I told ya :-)Well, depending on your religion, it differs.  For Christianity (my religion) we believe that once you die, your soul either goes to heaven or hell.  Heaven meaning living eternally with God and the Son.  Hell meaning living eternally in the blazing pits of hell with the devil.  Then again, these are just opinions.  Not scientific, but religious opinions.The better question: Why can't we stop living? Yeah, there's suicide, but essentially, you can't stop living any more than you can stop dying. Creation and destruction are the two most powerful forces on earth. If you couldn't control your creation, you can't control your death, either. All you have is what is in front of you.. . As for what happens after you die, it might help for you to try meditation. Try to extend your thoughts outside of your body. In my opinion, that is the state of the afterlife, thoughts/personality sans body. It's not a bad thing. It's the next adventure.. . The link below is the best meditation resource on the web, bar none.no one really knows, of course, but I believe our "energy" may go somewhere or take some other form in the universe, but i don't think we have conscious awareness or memory. depends on how you define "mind." Is it what's in our brain or something else? don't waste yout time on a question that can't be answered, just live in the here and now.
The beauty only you can see on the person you love!The "real beauty" in a man or woman is loving themselves, being confident, being kind and thoughtful, wanting to help without expecting rewards or compensation, being understanding and open and just accepting of all things, even if they disagree.  It dosen't hurt to "agree to disagree".Beauty Quotations. . Albert Einstein: . The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious - the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science. . . . Living Philosophies, 1931. . . . Albert Einstein: . A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.. . . . Anais Nin: . The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.. . . . Buckminster Fuller: . When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I only think about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.. . . . Candace Bergen: . People see you as an object, not as a person, and they project a set of expectations onto you. People who don't have it think beauty is a blessing, but actually it sets you apart.. . . . Chinese proverb: . When you have only two pennies left in the world, buy a loaf of bread with one, and a lily with the other.. . . . Georgia O'Keeffe: . I said to myself -- I'll paint what I see -- what the flower is to me but I'll paint it big and they will be surprised into taking time to look at it -- I will make even busy New Yorkers take time to see what I see of flowers.. . . . Helen Keller: . The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched ... but are felt in the heart.. . . . Henry Miller: . The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.. . . . Jean Kerr: . I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep. That's deep enough. What do you want, an adorable pancreas?. . . . John Keats: . A thing of beauty is a joy forever.. . . . John Ruskin: . Remember that the most beautiful things in the world are the most useless; peacocks and lilies, for example.. . . . Kahlil Gibran: . Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.. . . . Kalidasa: . Listen to the Exhortation of the Dawn!. Look to this Day!. For it is Life, the very Life of Life.. In its brief course lie all the . Verities and Realities of your Existence.. The Bliss of Growth,. The Glory of Action,. The Splendor of Beauty;. For Yesterday is but a Dream,. And To-morrow is only a Vision;. But To-day well lived makes . Every Yesterday a Dream of Happiness,. And every Tomorrow a Vision of Hope.. Look well therefore to this Day!. Such is the Salutation of the Dawn!. . . . Kenneth Patton: . The day I see a leaf is a marvel of a day.. . . . Oscar Hammerstein, II: . Do you love me because I'm beautiful, . or am I am beautiful because you love me?. . . . Pierre Auguste Renoir: . The pain passes, but the beauty remains.. . . . Rachel Carson: . Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts.. . . . Rachel Carson: . It is a wholesome and necessary thing for us to turn again to the earth and in the contemplation of her beauties to know of wonder and humility.. . . . Ralph Waldo Emerson: . What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.. . . . Ralph Waldo Emerson: . The moral sense reappears today with the same morning newness that has been from of old the fountain of beauty and strength. You say there is no religion now. 'Tis like saying in rainy weather, There is no sun, when at that moment we are witnessing one of its superlative effects.. . . . Robert Louis Stevenson: . It is a golden maxim to cultivate the garden for the nose, it is the power to allow others to perceive you as beautiful,indeed it comes from the inside.a pure soul which full of love.Its in the eyes of the beholder.... what ever you feel. Shouldnt matter what others thing,a s long as it makes you feel good..beauty is being beautiful without you knowing it. personality is the key to beauty because what is inside will glow and come out to your outward appearance. being beautiful is being who you are for who your are and being confident and comfortable in your own skin.Inner beautythe RAEL beuty is when the guy/girl knows what they beleive in, and they wont sink to anothers level.the real beuty is when you the guy/girl in a relationship doesn't change their oppinion to match the others...
It realy does not work well. When it does.... . - there is often a disturbance in the area- your breathing, your body heat, small natural noises people make. - the victim is spooked for whatever reason and is looking around periodically. - someone else looks at you watching the victim and their gaze triggers the victim's response. - etc.I've tried this and it rarely works for me.They are unaware that you're staring, but they are aware of your presence.  Eventually, they'll wonder what you're doing back there, and turn around to have a look.  What are you doing back there, anyway?Like somebody above said, some people are more intuitive than others.. . I did try on a few occasions to see if that was right...It only worked half of the time I must say !. . Try it yourself and see !We are much more intuitive than we realize. We sense things, such as someone watching us. Most people don't tune in to this ability as much as they could, but you can develop that intuitive/psychic ability if you try hard enough. Years ago, my husband had the ability to clear a parking spot for us where he wanted it, no matter how busy it was. He hasn't used his abilities as much through the years, so I don't know if he could still do it, but I was always amazed at his success. He stil does intuitive things that surprise me though, and I've developed my intuitive abilities through the years. Meditation helps a lot.Lots of the brain is uncharted and surely some of it is used in that way.We all have sixth sense at times.  Our mind receives certain magnetic contacts from another person.  Staring, I believe is one of them.well, you JUS KNOW when some1s staring at you.I've heard this said before but I'm not sure it's true. Have you tried doing this yourself? I don't know anyone who has tried it and had any success.most of thought they think of a very bad personIt is because of your third eye, everyone has one at the back of their head, especially MOTHERS!!!!!!!Actually we have 12 senses a spiritual sense in equivalence to our physical senses, the sense this question refers to is clairsentience or clear feeling, the psychic ability to feel without touching. also includes gut feelings seeing auras and if you lose something when you stick your hands in front to find it.They turn around anyway, just this time you notice because you're staring at the back of their head.
This is a myth created by men ... who once were the only ones to hold positions of power.  . . Fortunately for creative, intelligent womankind, men no longer dominate and oppress women as they once did.Where did you get that wild idea? Did your husband tell you that? In case you are a man asking, where did you get that wild idea?Wow, that answer was soooooooo creative and intelligent.Ususally they have the support of a good woman that gives them the time for it.Women seem to be too busy these days to daydream like men do. But the truth of it is that they both are just as creative and intelligent.Because things are never as they seem...Maybe bcos they r? :p alternatively, u can say bcos of the culture, more chances, more opportunities with less other responsibilities. such as giving a birth to a baby or taking care of one all the time.some men THINK THEY ARE creative and intelligent than women because they are sexists and chauvinists, they still think that they are the supreme gender.Because women are good in their hardworks. Men are good int hat sense.because they are from a WOMAN and she had given him everything more than what she had!!!!artihoky, iam lmao!!!!!!!!! you are a flipping hoot!
You'll know, you'll get sick of it. Or, your body or other people will tell you. Depends on what it is though.when you've had enuf of sthg, u'll jus get bugged with it!! you wont' b able 2 stand it no more n everythin else will look like its goin 4 a toss.I'm not sure, but in any case, I'd say it's when you start to feel bad or when you get depressed, trust me, too much of a good thing is still too much... You'll know when you arrive at that point.. . Hope it helps.
Not realising that they are lying. They think that they're telling the truth. They're schizophrenic and can't tell the difference between reality and illusion.A personality disorder can make it second nature to lie without any reason, as well as a whole array of other things that are not acceptable in our society, don't make sense.. . I think a lot of people, after they tell ONE lie, it becomes easier. And then there is the tangled web we weave. One lie leads to another because you have to keep covering up your lies.. . Lying to embellish or dramatize the truth could be a sign of insecurity.. . Lying to get out of trouble could indicate trauma in the past, or maybe just adolescence or human nature. It is very human to COVER YOUR OWN @$$...but especially if you have been abused and punished for things that are unacceptable.. . I think a lot of us lie to spare peoples' feelings but this isn't considered pathological.Probably insecurity, or a very unstable home life.  Maybe the person grew up having to lie to protect their parents and/or family, so as an adult it just comes natural to them.Stress..........and fear of something important to them that they may lose.  But in the end, lying will only hurt them worse.This is a serious pathological affliction.. If a pathological liar is not schizophrenic on the long run they may become delusional.. It is hard for these people if not treated although it is my opinion that a good Psychologist may reverse and stabilize this condition.  Jose
It's not a lack of stimulation at all. It is a lack of learning. I can be super stimulated, and still be seriously BORED because I am no longer learning anything.there are many factors of boredom.... . - first is when they have lacked of the knowledge of the thing they are bored of.... . - people in nature are all searching for something everytime and every place. when they couldn't find what they want at that time, they'll be bored by the unwanted things...Boredom is a reaction to dull repetitive stimuli. While the best thing is to change stimuli, you might be in a situation where that isnt immediately possible such as work or school. Soren Kierkegarde referred to it as "the root of all evil" and it was a sin known as acedia.Getting bored is the first sign to yourself to dislike what you are doing currently because you are not enjoying it anymore. . . People get board for the following reasons:. . 1 - Repeating doing things in the same way, same time, and the same place.. 2 - Spending long time doing one thing even if it is your favorite activity.. 3 - Unable to adjust according to the environment you are in.. 4 - Having limited options to spend time in.. 5 - Depends on things, places or people to spend leisure times.their mind wonderwell, i think satisfaction is the most important thing in life and one who is satisfied can't be bored or unhappy with things .
Urban sociology is the  study of the various statistics among the population in cities. Chiefly the study of urban areas where industrial, commercial and residental zones converge.According to one website urban sociology is defined as: "the sociological study of the various statistics among the population in cities.". . The websites below provide further information on urban sociology.
find something you really like about yourself, and roll with it. and, everytime a negative thought about yourself pops in your head, tell yourself to shut up!By realizing that you don't need the approval of others.Everyone has their own dream.Just accept who you are and their opinions shouldn't matter.With that new way of thinking,you will feel free to say whatever and do whatever you want without feeling any insecurities.It is easier if you naturally have internal locus of control instead of external. I would suggest you adopt this 'be in charge of your own destiny' approach. The thing is, when you think that you are not in control, that's when you feel insecure cos you consistently feel helpless.. . However, sh** happens but if you adopt 'be in charge of your own destiny' you will be right on you feet quickly.the answers above are correct, but they are worded the same way that most people word it.. . if you haven't been there and done it, it is just "easier said than done". . my answer is probably a little wreckless and irresponsable but I tend to believe a small catastrophe can do wonders for realigning your priorities.  If you REALLY look at the world around you.  Your priority list will start with . #1-yourself"Feeling Good" by David Burns is a great book for overcoming insecurities.
For some people, the only way to bring themselves up is to bring another person down.  Also some people had lousy parents who never taught them right from wrong.When:. . - He has bad childhood story in his life. Those who were abused by their parents in their childhood are more likely to do the same.. . - He is a lonely person. Lonely people are capable of anything too (I'm lonely). . . - When he gets nothing from what he wanted in his life, or very few of them.. . - When things are out of control, we all can become cruel.I'm going to assume that you mean, "why are some people cruel?". This is my theory. Sociopaths now referred to as anti-social personality disorder. Statistics say 1 in 25 people is anti-social, meaning that 1 in 25 people has absolutely no conscience. That means no guilt, no remorse, and often a boredom that would lead them to do mean manipulative things. Now, I'm not saying that you need to be afraid of the world...way too often people have the idea that the mentally disturbed are dangerous, and it's pretty rare that they actually are. . So my idea is that you have sociopaths who if they have high IQ's end up being the worst boss ever, the mob boss...etc...and people who work under them do bad things because of it...it's not just work, it's just that this is where we lean to be mean.... it's an idea, problem just a facet of the actual explanation.Unfortunately,most people are cruel....just by having their breakfast or dinner!. Because the steak or chicken on their plate was once a healthy cow or bull or chick,enjoying life,when ,due to the desire to taste blood of people,they had to be murdered in the slaughterhouse,and turned into food.. The trouble is that they can choose so many other veg food,but they won't,due to their cruelty!. Boiling lobster and crabs alive is also very cruel.... The result of this cruelty is that they no longer hesitate to kill humans too,in wars or in gangs.to tell u the truth and im sure some people will disagree with me on this but NOBODY IS CRUEL . even if it may seem that way nobody is, they culd be having a bad day, something happened to them and theyre taking it out on someone else. the best thing to do wen u recognize a person like that and is stuck with him/her/them is to talk to them politely and not be cursing at them or else theyre going to think ur going against them and they have to defend themselvesThe number of ways are uncountable- the reasons that people use to JUSTIFY cruelty are all null and void. It is NEVER acceptable to hurt someone, unless you are VALIDLY and LEGITIMATELY trying to defend yourself.when someone intentionally hurts another.some people just do not love themselves and are consumed by self hatred, shame or guilt . these are common emotional weapons of desrtuction that are used to control children by parents, teachers and their church. For example the alcoholic raised in a devout catholic upbringing who doesn't go to church and emotionally rejects their children and are constantly disappointing them, well this person is not capable of loving him or herself at an acceptable level let alone anyone else so these children must stop allowing this person to be cruel by dropping their unrealistic expectations and see the emotionally weak person for who they truly are .people are cruel because other people voluntarily stand in their path to be emotionally slaughtered by wounded individuals that lack the capacity to look past themselves and see the destruction their actions cause others, also some people who seem like they don't have a conscience well studies have shown that a large portion of this population were exposed to cocaine while their mothers were pregnant and the part of the brain that makes people care about right and wrong is destoyed if the cocaine is taken in the right trimester when this part of the brain is developingBecause they had a bad life.... Filled with hatred, anger, lost, unwanted.... It’s the worst pain someone can ever feel. The pain of the heart can only be healed by love...  But since they have been hurt so many times in their life, they don't believe they will ever receive love...  So they hate life and curse their reflex to breathe…. . It’s like when you are sick or in physical pain, but unlike it you can't see the pain of the heart.  It causes a person to be easily irritated because of the intensely of the pain.  It causes them not to think clearly. And they try not to hurt others around them, but the pain is unbearable and causes them to lash out at people around them…  It’s like when you have a headache and every noise irritates you and you get mad at your friends easily.. . If a person suffers from the pain of the heart for a long time… They will feel unworthy and feel like that they have no meaning in life.  People around them become distinct to them.  They’ll feel as if, they ARE the cause of all the pain around them.  And they begin to believe, they should have never been born and that everyone will be happy… if they were not there…. . That’s how someone could be so cruel.  Most likely if someone is cruel to you; they are suffering from the pain of the heart.  They don’t know, and can’t, heal the pain within themselves so they become irritated and impatient.  If this is one of your friends the best thing you can to do, is to trust them so they can trust you and try to get to the bottom of their heart.By coming up with ways for another person to embarass themself.. . It's cruel and vindictive and not what I would want to do.If a person is deeply hurt as a child, and lost a lot of self esteem, and if this person has a personality which compels the person to be stingy and a control freak, the end result will probably be a person who can be cruel.On the other hand, people who are lazy and generous at the same time will find it hard to be cruel. So, beware the hardworking misers. They are cruel to themselves and they will not think twice about being cruel to others.
self-esteem is an apreciation of self worth. . self-actualization is more alturistic, being all you can be for the benifit of othersPride in oneself, self respect. Mostly, it involves acquisition of wealth in various forms. It is a quality, which one acquires to get respect from others, to make others envy, other than for one's one benifit.... . Self-actualization is self-realisation. It develops a person's inner self and is considered to b real knowledge...It is non-materialistic. Whether one is in possession of materialistic things or not, it gains respect from others...(eg. saints).Self esteem is how you feel about yourself. Self actualization is how you see yourself.Do a search on Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs.. . Self-esteem: focus on our need for self-respect, and respect from others. . Self-actualization: This is the point where people become fully functional, acting purely on their own volition and having a healthy personality.These 2 sites may clear things up for you:. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-esteem. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self_Actualization#Self-actualization
Lots of luck with this one.  Equal education, motivation, Population restrictions.  these are a couple of things.A group of dedicated really smart people who could tackle issues like: Geography, Sociology, Engineers, Medical Staff, bunches of Cheifs, Biologists, Historians, Janitors, Transportation Engineers, Water Sanitations Personell.. . Water control is one of the biggest causes of poverty.  In Africa <Desert> their will eventually be a continental war if the water rights are not agreeded upon and distributed to the masses of people.  Already there is Genocide equal <if not greater> to what happened under Hitler's reign.  The pictures we get from Africa, are cushioned.  It is so dry, barren, and desolate that people are dying.  I wonder why we don't just re-locate them, but I guess I've seen enough in the Middle East to understand how distrupting that is.  . . So, again, we'd need the people I listed above <plus probably a whole lot more that I couldn't think of in this blip of answer> to be commited to solving this.  To accomplish this we would need:  WORLD PEACE <Smile, wave hand>.the leaders of the G8 to practice what they preachwhat a marvelous and interesting quesion....I just wish I had the answer!~ Here's some food for thought along those lines....On 60 Minutes, you know, it comes on immediately following the football game except on the west coast....well anyway, they were interviewing a ranking official within the Catholic church and the topic was poverty and how to deal with it on mass scale...the suggestion to the official was "why not melt down all that gold and sell off all those religious artifacts..they must be worth billions...and give the money to the less fortune".   The official responded in this way...."If you took all the money from all the rich people in the world and gave it to all the poor people of the world and then went to sleep for 5 years...when you woke up again the rich people would have all the money again and the poor would again be poor...it's like water finding it's own level....Rid the world of greed and poverty ends.To have a planet full of people that have no idea of what  greed is... who are prepared to do something for someone else, without expecting something back in return.It would take a series of stages to rid the world of poverty, these stages would end many causes of poverty, which are war, class-divisions, imperialism, capitalism, etc. These stages are:. . 1. National Liberation - the Nation rids itself of foreign colonization or it gives up its foreign colonies, or in short the Nation rids itself of foreign-influence, internal and external. This stage of society is run by feudal lords and or former feudal lords.. . 2. Democratic Struggle - the majority of the people rule the government and through the majority rule, they gradually overthrow feudalism and abolish all social aspects of feudalism. This stage of society is run by the bourgeoisie.. . 3. Socialist Stage - the people overthrow the bourgeoisie democratically and achieve socialism, and experience socialism through materialist understanding of reality that it is the social and economic conditions of man which are the sole factors for the existance of man. And all the people are educated and to run the economy and society without the bourgeoisie and eventually without any ruling-class guiding the socialist transition, which is when the transition will be complete. This stage of society is run by the mental-laborers.. . 4. Communism - the people overthrow the mental-laborers and the society is divided into urban and rural proletariat. And the society is at the most closest to being fully egalitarian than ever, however the division of urban labor and rural labor divides the society into the final class-antagonism: the the minority urbanite proletariat and the majority whom are rustic proletariat. The lifestyle of the urban minority heavily rests upon reliance on foreign countries, and a lot of the gross domestic product and labor goes toward trade with the foreign countries to support the essential industrial lifestyle of the urbanites.. . 5. Autarky - The majority of whom are agrarian rustics overthrow the urbanite minority, and finally end all reliance on foreign raw materials to support industry, and abolish industry and the towns and cities and bring the urban and suburban populace to the countryside to make Autarky and total and complete equality. Through industry the urbanites polluted the air, land, and water, which are essential for the production of healthy food in the countryside. Also the urban/suburban industry is unneccessary, because the essential sector of economy is in the countryside, through which the food, clothing, and shelter of the people are produced. When all of the nations embrace autarky through the gradual over-throw of each class in each stage of society, then all class-antagonisms and national-antagonisms will cease to exist, and thus society would reach the most egalitarian, self-sufficient, un-exploitive, and environmentally friendly society.. . In short the best way to rid the world of poverty is by utilizing the population, as the original source of energy for the economy rather than using artificial (industrial) means of energy such as oil, ethanol, solar power, etc., which require war and exploitation to gather the raw materials necessary for industrialism. Since food is the most essential commodity for ridding the world of poverty, the population should naturally be distributed over the countryside to engage in agriculture on a basis of using simple tools and raw human labor, to save the environment, provide jobs to all and maintain self-sufficiency and frugality at the same time.Give everyone 40 goats, so I guess a lot a frisky goats.. . Seriously though, there is no one universal definition of poverty.  Some people think they are poor when they cannot afford $15 for antibiotics to save the life of their child.  Others think they are poor when daddy does not buy them a new Mustang for graduation.  The govenment of the USA and the government of China have definitions that vary almost as widely.. . Within an economy, poverty also changes over time.  My grandfather was not poor even though he had to quit school in the sixth grade to work the farm for his family.. . To eliminate poverty you would first have to eliminate scarcity of goods.  If we did that, there could be enough for everyone.  If there was enough for everyone, the line would move again, and the new definition of poverty might be the necessity to work over 10 hours a week to afford your daughter's new Mustang for graduation.. . All this about redistribution of wealth and the elimination of greed runs counter to human nature -- the communists tried that and discovered that people who can get the same for idleness as they can for work tend to be quite idle.  The rich do serve a vital purpose.  They accept risk when they invest in business and industry.  They often educate their children in exceptional fashion and create true leaders such as Teddy Roosevelt and FDR.  Many, such as Carnegie and now even Bill Gates, contribute huge sums of money to worthwhile programs without the barriers and compromises of government and in ways that actually make a difference.  . . By the American definitions of 100 years ago we have eliminated American poverty, although some people do still suffer because of their decisions or addictions or those of their loved ones.  Heck, I'm six inches taller than my great-grandfather was because of differences in nutrition.  I'm not much over average and he was considered a tall man in his time.  I have a 12 year old daughter who is gaining on me fast.. . I have changed my views with age and experience.  I was a young democrat convinced that all the poor needed was a chance.  After seeing many more helping hands extended than grasped, I became a republican convinced that the way to end poverty is to eliminate whining and sympathetic saints.  It is not OK to have kids at 14.  It is not OK to quit high school, gain a criminal record, and not even be employable at McDonalds.. . There is no excuse to be poor in the USA today.  I think we need to give those who claim poverty 40 goats and consider our social obligation met.  Such an approach might just motivate some people to get their act together.Eliminate about 50% of the worldwide population.  There are too many people out there and not enough energy and resourses to support the growing population.. . However, if someone were to discover a way to cheaply control fusion reaction, we may be looking at almost limitless amount of energy production.  Although even then, if there were trillion people living on the earth, it won't solve poverty.. . So bottom line is to control population growth.A concertrated effort from all countries around the world, and trying to stabilize the population growth. The Earth can't substain many more people on this planet.A really good first step would be to replace all the world leaders with women.It would take really opening all borders to free trade, so that each country could specialize in what they are best at producing.  This would do amazing things in bringing people out of poverty, by boosting many poor country's economies.  In regards to the aid the U.S. provides to other countries, we should focus more on providing education, especially in certain trades, so that people have skills to contribute to their society.  Often times when we directly provide food or money, it is taken by the greedy leaders of the country we give it to, and it never reaches the people.  If we provide education to people, no leader can take that away.. . Also, I spent a semester studying environmental economics, and we spent some time focusing on population.  Population is really not that out of control at this point.  There are plenty of resources, we just need to allocate them efficiently on a global level, which could be done better if we had free trade amonst all countries.  With our government's subsidies of farming, the prices of other poorer nation's crops are driven down, and it makes it more difficult for them to make a living.  Population is not the problem.
sand doesn't melt ice, it just provides better tractionSand doesn't melt ice, it gives you traction on it.hot sand.Sand melts ice by trpping in the suns heat. It doesn't provide for good traction. Anyone who has ever got their car stuck in the sand will agree with that.
The characters of Orientalism would be in my opinion an acceptance and attachment to oriental culture and beliefs. Oriental means a person ethnically or geographically attached to a country of the Far East such as Japan, China, Mongolia or Korea and Vietnam.. The suffix 'ism' means a belief usually in religious or spiritual practice.. Charlie Chan for example.  Jose"Orientalism" as a cultural and social term,reflects and indicates the false approach of western cvilizations towards asian cultures.Orientalism includes western-based cultural imperialism.Their motto must be "I comprehend asian culture as I want it to be",that's why orientalism fails to reveal reality and degenerates authentic and regional cultures by applying cultural hegemony.Orientalism only exists in the west,it is only the a vision of the real Orient that is bouncing back from the very dirty mirror of the western.
Alcohol protects the heart mainly by acting on platelets in the blood to prevent clotting.. . Reduction in death rates from all ailments from 2-3 glasses of wine a day.  After four glasses a day, wine has an adverse effect on death rates. Although it still protects the heart, excess drinking raises the danger of cancers, kidney problems and liver disease. . . Reduction from cardiovascular disease. . Reduction from cancer.. . It will make you sleep better (if you have your last glass of wine 1 hour before bed.). . You will feel full faster & drink less if you have wine with pasta, fish, potatoes &/ or red meat.. . Never use alcohol as an escape method for difficulties you may face in your daily life. Once you start going down the path to addiction, it's ten times as hard to get out.. . Wines tend to be the least concentrated with alcohol.red wine, like anything else, should be taken in moderation. since it has alcohol it can induce all the ill-effects of alcohol including effects on the liver and drunkeness although perhaps at a slower rate than most alcoholic beverages since the alcohol content of red wines is usually much lower than say, vodka or whisky.. still, many studies have provern that a shot of red wine daily is in fact, healthy. it can promote a good night sleep and is good of for your heart.Could be alchoholism but the say it helps your arteries.hi, blood pression will be upU get drunk, stained teeth, liver damage, slightly more arty, a slight feeling of superiority to other drinkers, headaches, dry pallet, stained clothes, a desire for cheese.too many people that you thought to be friends while drinking it.wll you geta bit tipsy but other than that i have no ideerDIZZYNESS, LIGHT HEADEDNESS LYING DOWN ON FLOOR COMOTOSED AND THROWING UP  me dont like red wine lolheadache but one glass a day is supposed to be good for your hartPsalm 104 say something like:. "God made the wine to make the heart of men happy". I supose the people who wrote the Bible knew already that wine was good for the hearth and could make you feel happy the same time.. . Be aware the Bible mention many times moderation in everything.
In computers designed for English language users, alphanumeric (sometimes seen as alphameric) characters are those comprised by the combined set of the 26 alphabetic characters, A to Z, and the 10 Arabic numerals, 0 to 9. In some usages, the alphanumeric character set may include both upper and lower case letters, punctuation marks, and symbols (such as @, &, and *, for example). For languages other than English, alphanumeric characters include letter variations such as ? and ?. For some computer usages, such as file naming, alphanumeric characters are strictly limited to the 26 alphabetic characters and 10 numerals; however, for other usages, such as programming, other keyboard symbols are sometimes permitted.It's a title (or code or part number) that has both letters and numbers in it.  For example:  AN/SPS-40B,C,Dconsisting of letters and numbers like ru348 or old telephone #s lie BUtterfield 8that which contains alphabets as well as numbers..... suppose there is an id like alph7657code, it will be called an alphanumeric usernamethe state of comprising both letters and numbersConsisting of both letters and numbersIt's a combination of letters (alpha) and numbers (numeric) such as are on license plates. THis is an adjective. Alhanmeric code, etc.
Sometimes just saying what is really on your mind is funny.  Not many people are truly willing to express their opinions for fear of embarrassment.  If you let go of the fear of embarrassment, humor comes naturally the more relaxed you are.  And if you find you're just not naturally funny, be the one laughing and enjoying other peoples jokes.Just make a simple and moderate joke, in natural and right situation.Falling down is always funny....Just be yourself. Learn some humor or jokes if you want, but be yourself.You don't have to be a joker for everyone,that's not absolutle right! Yeah ... like everybody said just be yourself .. and when times come you will be find that people around you adore you and love your humour sense!.. Let it be naturally.And it will be impressed if you show a simple polite joke, like routien life 'coz it will make people always remember YOU!The centre of attraction:  You have to be good to carry it off.  Most of the great comedians were manic depressives and so insecure that it was unbelievable.  I would suggest that it is far better to laugh at other people's jokes and to compliment the teller.Being funny requires wit.  Saying things that are logically correct but contradicts with reality, or making people visualize funny things which are not actually happening but humorous.  Being funny means you know your audience, what is funny to them and what is not.  So there is a lot of subjectivity in it.  It's a skill, and an art, but it can be learned too!simply by becoming a joker or being a joke book.Two options, watch scrubs all day and the humour will rub off on you. Find a comedy style that fits you, like observations, sarcasim, impersantions and just keep trying, cause it takes hard work to make people laugh, most of your jokes will not get a reaction,. . Or lastly do the thing that no-one in there right mind would do in that situationIf you think that you are naturally funny, don't worry all people will see that in you. If it is something you want to improve in yourself...well I like when someone smile a lot and their jokes are 'good taste jokes'....do not be the clown of the party please!!Be child at your HEART...:) you will be definetly.
Netarget's answer will reduce inflation but simultaneously cause unemployment. The key to reducing inflationary pressure without causing unemployment is to stimulate growth through capital accumulation or productivity increases. Policy aimed at increasing Aggregate Supply, not reducing Aggregate Demand is necessary.Cut the cash cirulation in the market by increasing the interest rates, the cash reserve ratio of banks. . When money goes down in market, prices will follow suit and products will be available at a lower rates due to less demand. . . However, Govt could help companies export their products by giving benefits, tax breaks, subsidies and all. By that way, the companies keep functioning without causing unemployment.. . On the other hand,. a) When deposit interest rates increase, people will prefer to invest, thus decreasing the money in the market. b) when loan interest rates increase, people will refrain from taking loan, thus decreasing the money in the market. . So inflation will reduce.hope that it is cost push inflation, . goverment can cover rises,in prices of inputs via tax breaks to business
Opposites attract, like in magnets.. It's like finding two puzzle pieces that fit because the two opposites complete each other.because they have stuff to argue about and then that makes them spend time together!!!!!the ying yang theory, you need each others strenght to counter your weaknessbeing opposite gives you new ideas, new feelings about something, and new views on certain things that u never knew about. opposites attract because u can agree to disagreeI believe it is because, as humans, we are generally attracted to people with different yet complimentary personalties and skills to that of our own. In this way, we are able to validate ourselves because this other person loves us as we are, regardless of the obvious differences between ourselves.. We then often remark that the other person "completes" us. Well, they actually have! They see us as worthwhile, even if we are still unsure about ourselves :)They attract because we're bored and we like the idea of something different- the thing is though- opposites attract, but they don't stay together.to fill the gaps in themselveshumans theory......u cant make baby with 2 males doing each other.........there is a distinguishd difference between . similarity' and 'compatibility', +ve charge attracts -ve, a nut fits a bolt, chicken wing eaters love chicken breast eaters, however peopel with opposite (ideaologies) would not attrack, a lier could not be attractive to an honest person 4 example, so opposite is good only in some thingsPeople who are physically opposite are often attracted to one-another naturally because if you have two very different sets of genes there is very little chance that any potential offspring will inherit two defective genes and have whatever disorder those genes are from.  . . Personality wise?  I think it's because if we are weak we need someone who is strong to protect it.  Similarly, if we are very serious we need someone who can make us relax.  If we are very upset we need someone who can cheer us up.  In a partner, we look for the things that we lack in ourselves.
because psychology is so subjectivePsychology is a psuedo science trying to find commonality between different minds, which can't be done objectively.. . It relies on subjective behaviours and even more so subjective defintions for the motivations behind this behaviour.Not all tests are projectives, like the Rorschach.  The Rorschach loses a lot of reliability because there are so many different ways to score and interpret it.  There are more objective tests, like the MMPI-2.  Its very reliable and valid, but you do need training to interpret it.
Reliability is, roughly, whether you could replicate an experiment and get comparable results - either because an individual's responses are consistent (for example, their reaction times in a test are consistent when the test is carried out again), or the general overall results are consistent (for example, the average score on a test is the same or similar when carried out again on a comparable group). . Validity is whether the construct you are using really measures what you are using it to measure. For example, if you devised a test to measure people's self-esteem, does it really measure self-esteem, or something similar such as extraversion?Reliability. . Definition: . . Reliability is the consistency of your measurement, or the degree to which an instrument measures the same way each time it is used under the same condition with the same subjects. In short, it is the repeatability of your measurement. A measure is considered reliable if a person's score on the same test given twice is similar. It is important to remember that reliability is not measured, it is estimated.. . There are two ways that reliability is usually estimated: test/retest and internal consistency.. . Test/Retest. . . Test/retest is the more conservative method to estimate reliability. Simply put, the idea behind test/retest is that you should get the same score on test 1 as you do on test 2. The three main components to this method are as follows:. . 1.) implement your measurement instrument at two separate times for each subject; . 2). compute the correlation between the two separate measurements; and . 3) assume there is no change in the underlying condition (or trait you are trying to measure) between test 1 and test 2.. . . Internal Consistency. . . Internal consistency estimates reliability by grouping questions in a questionnaire that measure the same concept. For example, you could write two sets of three questions that measure the same concept (say class participation) and after collecting the responses, run a correlation between those two groups of three questions to determine if your instrument is reliably measuring that concept.. . One common way of computing correlation values among the questions on your instruments is by using Cronbach's Alpha. In short, Cronbach's alpha splits all the questions on your instrument every possible way and computes correlation values for them all (we use a computer program for this part). In the end, your computer output generates one number for Cronbach's alpha - and just like a correlation coefficient, the closer it is to one, the higher the reliability estimate of your instrument. Cronbach's alpha is a less conservative estimate of reliability than test/retest.. . The primary difference between test/retest and internal consistency estimates of reliability is that test/retest involves two administrations of the measurement instrument, whereas the internal consistency method involves only one administration of that instrument.. . Validity. . Definition:. . Validity is the strength of our conclusions, inferences or propositions. More formally, Cook and Campbell (1979) define it as the "best available approximation to the truth or falsity of a given inference, proposition or conclusion." In short, were we right? Let's look at a simple example. Say we are studying the effect of strict attendance policies on class participation. In our case, we saw that class participation did increase after the policy was established. Each type of validity would highlight a different aspect of the relationship between our treatment (strict attendance policy) and our observed outcome (increased class participation).. . Types of Validity:. . . There are four types of validity commonly examined in social research.. . 1. Conclusion validity asks is there a relationship between the program and the observed outcome? Or, in our example, is there a connection between the attendance policy and the increased participation we saw?. . 2. Internal Validity asks if there is a relationship between the program and the outcome we saw, is it a causal relationship? For example, did the attendance policy cause class participation to increase? . . 3. Construct validity is the hardest to understand in my opinion. It asks if there is there a relationship between how I operationalized my concepts in this study to the actual causal relationship I'm trying to study/? Or in our example, did our treatment (attendance policy) reflect the construct of attendance, and did our measured outcome - increased class participation - reflect the construct of participaI would say that reliability is whether your information comes from a reliable source. Validity is whether the information is possibly true. i.e. Even if it was someone you trusted and believed you wouldn't necessarily accept that the world was flat if that was what they told you.Reliability refers to the ability to perform the same experiment and get the same results.. . Validity refers to the accuracy of those results.. . You could perform the same experiment many times and get the same results, but they may not be correct (if the experiment is flawed for example).  This would be reliable, but not valid.. . Conversely, you could perform an experiment that yeilds accurate results once, but not when it is repeated.  This would be accurate (one time anyway), but not reliable.
Think that other people also have their own weaknesses, it's just we think too much about our weaknesses. They try to improve their weaknesses, and we should to try to. They are also humans.my frens have already helped u..Outlaw gave you some good information and suggestions. . .  In addition, I would recommend taking up a new hobby or activity; something that you've never tried before and that requires skill and/or knowledge.  By learning these new skills or information and getting involved in a new hobby, it will boost self-esteem and self-confidence.  . . Volunteer for something.  I could just be with a local group picking up trash on the side of the road, but get involved with others in a positive project.  A great one for this is to become involved with young children.  Be a tutor, volunteer with a grade school to help them read books or just as a teacher's assistant in the classroom.  Get involved with them in an afterschool care center.  Little kids are great ego boosts because they will look up to you and make you feel a million miles high.  This ties into my next suggestion which is. . teaching something to someone.  This is what I use whenever my self-esteem and self-confidence are low.  Knowing more or being able to do something better than somebody else always brings me up, so being able to teach my skills and/or knowledge to others makes me feel good about myself.  . . In general, at least in my case, low self-esteem and low self-confidence are because I don't think my life is worth anything, I can't do or be anything special, etc.  Once I combat those causes, it's easier to deal with.  My answer has been to keep busy and make my life worth something, my presence and skills known.  Create a situation where if I wasn't there, there would be a void.  I don't get that feeling in the corporate world, people are so easily replaced and one robot is just as good as another.  That's why volunteer projects, teaching, and kids are all great.  All of those groups would notice if I didn't show up.. . Hope this helps and good luck!. . FRCreate more positive energy in your life by focusing on what you are good in or what you love to do... if you don't know yourself, ask people around you (what they do you like or you are good in). When you fails or you hear the devil voice criticizing you, comfort yourself that it's ok to make mistake or not to be good at anything or tell yourself "Not yet" (I could have done this better or as good as that guy, but the time has yet to come. I must grow, i must learn and improve until I can reach that stage). . Be conscious of the judgement going on in your head. Sometimes one can be low self esteem because of high self expectation or expectation from people around you. Remember, it's ok to fail and make mistake. Everyone can learn. As long as you take a small step everyday, one day you will be good in what you do. It's all in the learning process.pretend you have a split personality and the other one is really cool, confident and intelligent. start to live as the other one, eventually you may strat to believe it yourself.If there is a Toast Masters club in  your area, join it. They work wonders...It's all about your attitude. If you go around with a bad attitude, i.e. "I'm no good in school/sports, that girl will never like me, etc., then you've already defeated yourself. By having a positive attitude, positive things happen. And if they don't, you're in a better position to move on than if your attitude is bad.. . Be Tao. Taoism teaches that life is like a roller coaster, with life having both ups and downs.  For every high point in life, there is a corresponding low point, and vice/versa. Therefore, you can't let the bad things in life get you down, because there's bound to be a positive that'll be as good as the low point was bad.. . Take comfort in your friends. Talk with them, laugh with them, hang out, do fun stuffs. Memories with friends will be some of your most prized possesions as you leave high school and enter college/the real world.. . Start talking with members of the opposite sex. Not necessarily trying to hook up with them, mind you.  Just talk to talk. Ask about the homework. Ask about their hobbies. Just ask away, and they'll find that you're easy to talk to, and who knows? Maybe one of them will want to talk with you a lot more. It's nice to be important, but it's always important to be nice.. . Finally, concentrate on making the most out of every day. That doesn't mean go buck wild and cut loose, it means strive to do the best in every endeavor you undertake, whether it be in school, in sports, in extra-curricular activities, in romance, whatever. By doing the best you can do, you'll be able to go on about your day without having regrets constantly nagging at you. Approach each new obstacle with a fresh outlook and don't worry about the past. Worry about today, and the past and future will take care of themselves.. . Now, I don't claim to be a Dr. Phil or anything. These are just little tidbits of information I've picked up. I hope this helps.find out what and where make you feel so low. set your goals in details, pick the advices which suit you, go out to the fields where you want to feel high. The more you go out to practice, the more you'll find out what you need to do better, the more you'll achieve of your goals.Work on the positive aspects of your life and use it as a weapon to overcome everything else. Start slowly, be really good at something and then you will find that people will follow you. I believe it is not about confidence that makes a person sucessful, it is how well they express themselves. . . They say Confidence comes NOT from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
The idea behind the 14 points was to set up the post war world in such a way as to create a lasting peace. One of the greatest effect of the fourteen points was the failure of the League of Nations and the fallowing formation of the United Nations (essencially the same idea) after WWII.Wilson's 14 points were part of his fundamental aim to remake international relations in the immediate aftermath of the first world war. It hoped to prevent any such widespread and costly conflict from occuring again by replacing the diplomacy of secret treaties and balance of power by a more open international system based on mutual trust and respect between states. One of the key areas in this was the setting up of a League of Nations which would guarentee the security of all its members and would serve as a forum for resolving conflicts between them.. . Less seriously, the French President Clemenceau once quipped in annoyance at Wilson "the good Lord only had 10.... but Wilson has his fourteen!"
I think,, You Should think that over! Always better ways of Making Money.Devote yourself to politics... that seems to work.I'm pretty sure its impossible to do anything substantial otherwise we would've heard about it already.. . To copy the guys answer from above, your best chance of stealin a large some of money is to move to the Uk and join the Labour Party.
Mores are social norms concerning social taboos.  People will in general think much less of you if go against a more.  An example would be going out in public without clothes.. . A folkway is a looser, more forgivable social norm, like not talking on your cell phone during dinner.Morey is very strict. If there is a punishment for going away from that norm it is more more stirct. Such as rape. Folkways have exceptions. This explanation is even confusing to me, but I if you know what they are already, you should be good.
ADD?maybe you have attention defeceit disorder. get some ritalin quick!You may have Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD) which could be causing your lack of concentration. You may want to get checked for that. Other things that can cause this are too much caffiene, boredom with the job, etc. ADD has those exact symptoms, however....get checked out!You may have adult ADD or ADHD.  A psychiatrist would be able to diagnose you.maybe because you spend too much time in Yahoo! Answers.If you have internet access at work, that's pretty distracting.internet access surely distracts the jobwork,. . if u r lazy or fat, that too distracts the duty,. . if u have lot of girls around u, watching their legs or 00 distracts ur jobwork,. . if you are not really worth of doing that job, then it is surely impossible to do that job, either he will fire u, or u resign to let other unemployed people get your job and atleast finish that poor employers job.I heard that everyone has ADD but to a certain extent. Maybe you just have a more severe case of it. Don't panick, get meds!Perhaps you watch too much tv? I think I heard that because of tv our attention span has shrunk and we are distracted about 5 minutes into any activity. Additionally, we concentrates in spans of about 20 minutes. Sad really. . . Or maybe you are too smart for your job? An alternative career might be in order...
You really wouldn't want to know.  I went through the initial process and was turned down, even though I have a paralyzed left arm, a bad back, poor vision, uncontrolled high blood pressure, a nervous disorder and can't work.Is the question about qualifying for Disability Income Benefits ?  Or is it about meeting the definition of who is considered a "Person with a disability" under laws like the ADA ?. . According to the US Department of Justice:. . "An individual is considered to have a "disability" if s/he has a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities, has a record of such an impairment, or is regarded as having such an impairment. Persons discriminated against because they have a known association or relationship with an individual with a disability also are protected.". . I provided a link to a US DOJ publication that answers some basic disability/ADA related questions.. . Randy G. Wagoner. Wagoner & Associates, Inc.I would reccomend that you try contacting your local Social Security office and ask them to give you a copy of their guidelines that they use in determining eligibility. Good luck!
It doesn't really sound "bad" as much as "different." We're not used to hearing our own voice...what we hear is very different than what other people hear. All you're hearing is what other people hear all the time, it just sounds bad to you.probably coz its an awful voiceI hate the way I sound. I sound so fricking annoying and I honestly don't know how anyone else can listen to me when I listen to myself talking. I want to smack myself.You hear your own voice mainly through bone conduction from the throat/mouth area to the ears. It sounds quite different when conducted through air. We also can't "hear" our own accent, because we have a psychological mechanism that works in the background to make sure we always perceive oursaelves as accentless, but on a recording this mechanism fails and we "hear" our own accent and intonation, which can be a shock.It's becuase when you speak or sing you hear your voice in your head you hear all the vibrations in your vocal chords and inside your head.  You get a lot of resonance and hear a fuller nicer sound.  In real life you hear only the vibration that is in your ear from the sound waves.  Also when you record you are probably not using a high quality recorder this could mean that it probably isnt picking up a lot of the lower waves in your voice making you sound like snow white or mickey mouse lol.  I hope this helps!We can't hear our own voice, the way it sounds. it tranfers to our ears.. Frankly, I don't like my voice while hearingit on the tape recorder.thats explain millions wannabes auditioning for american idol every year!!This really isn't psychology. As was already mentioned, the inside of the head conducts sound differently than the air does, and the way other people hear you doesn't sound as good as the way you usually sound to yourself.i hate the sound of my own voice - it sounds so weedy when i hear it on the answer phone message - but i am used to it abit more now. . . My friends and others, though say I have a great accent and that it is very sexy !! not, my own impression though .You are used to hearing your voice resonate in the bones of your head.  Add 'reverb' or 'delay' to your recording and it will sound more natural to you.
depression, low self-worth, lack of education about how to eat. most people are not taught on how to eat healthy. they just succumb to the daily barrage of advertising to eat whatever they want.People also eat because of depression. Feel back.. have a chocolate.. bored?.. eat a sandwitch. I bet half of the eating problems are mental.With some people it is genetic. For most though, I think its just over indulgence, stress eating, and the "clean your plate syndrome" that our mothers have instilled in us since we were young. And the portions today are ridiculous! One plate is enough food to feed 2 or 3 people. And above all else, people don't move! You would be surprised what walking on a treadmill for 30 minutes 3-4 times a week will do for your body! I couldn't live without my treadmill!Eating too much is probably one of themeating wrong food,medical problems,and geneticslow self-esteem. make people eat and eat and eat.Well here is a good one,lack of self discipline and also not caring what they look like,and just being plain lazy.Eating too much while moving to little.  aka lack of diet and exercise.eating too much. it's not what you eat that make you fat, but the amount.eating when you're not hungry or when you are bored and also not exercising. also, obesity can be genetic.not taking food at proper time.fast food is huge because of peoples busy scheldules as a nation we eat way too much. watch the movie "super size me" its a documentary where a guy eats mc donalds for every meal for a month, very good and informative.
So you learn to follow orders. and work in groupsso that they will follow the orders, because if they dont they will have no clue what to do, and then they will just die in the war. like a snap of a finger. so they make sure they listen so they know how to use things in the military, so they dont brake the expencive things that they have.Discipline and respect are a very important part of a soldiers training.. Discipline will enable the individual to learn the basics for survival and accepting the discipline that is affded them will extend their individual life expectancy on the battle field.. The respect is a mutual affordance that is applied not only by the senior commissioned and noncommisioned officers but by each and every soldier that expects to increase their survivability.  JoseIn order to be victorious of course.  Charging a hill with led bullits coming your way won't happen without discipline and respect, trust me.What job do you have that discipline and respect do not apply in the workplace? Where, if some one does not have these attributes do you think they will learn them in a more beneficial atmosphere? The only place I can think of is the military.To condition them to listen to their leaders and obey them even if it is at the cost of their own lives. The groups in the military must learn to think of themselves as one cohesive unit the "we" group vs the "they" group if they have any chance as a whole to prevail.The need for discipline goes and in hand with having to kill people on command.. . That's why only young men are recruited into war... they are more easily brainwashed. They don't have a fixed idea of who they are yet. Try to do boot camp on a squadron of 40 year old men! No way! The guys would tell the drill sergeant to take this job and shove it!it is a form of mind control (psyops), formerly known as brainwashingBecause they want drones who will do what they are told and not think about things too much.
In an ideal world, it is to be fair to both the victim and perpetrator. It is supposed to be a teaching tool for the offender and give closer and acknowledgment to the victim. I do not believe that the death penalty ever does this. Death is never going to teach the offender anything.Justice is the handmaiden of the law!Punish.First you must know the difference between Justice and Fairness.  They are not the same.Justice is balance, the scales held by the blindfolded woman, in crime it is to balance the suffering of the victim by the punishment of the offender, therein there is an implied limit to punishment based on the crime.No. Justice is what's true, logical, and in order. You won't find any justice that do not has any of those.
It makes us feel alive.  It gives us the ability to feel the greatest joy, but also the greatest sadness.  It is one of the things that makes us human, and distinguishes us from the animals.. . There are some conditions that affect a person's ability to feel emotion or attachment to other humans, to a greater or lesser degree, such as autism,  depersonalization syndrome, some kinds of depression, and antisocial personality disorder and the world of psychopaths.Emotions are your feelings. Your emotions determine how you will live your life.Because If there are no feelings or emotions , you'll be like a stone!. To live and to decide in life , you must have feelings or u'll be nearly a person with no soul or life... To feel is a nice thing :)At the same time emotion can suck like hell. Take for example being broken up with... it just tears you apart..Emotion keeps u alive. It's the same thing that gives you the feeling to live and be happy.because emotions will let other people know how you feel.Emotions make us human..although in today's society and the awful things that people do to each other seems to be inhumanYES you cant put Gloss on your walls!!!!!!. Emotion is the best, and it comes in so meny coulers..... . SOrry had to.. . Yes Emotions keep us alive, with out them we would end up dead very soon after birth.because of lively have it.Emotions are important as they make you reflect on certain parts of you life.  It is important to cry, to laugh, to be angry, these emotions are our reactions to situations.  It is important for you to remember how you were feeling at different times of your life, as it makes you stronger and able to deal with things for yourself and understand others.emotion gives me information about everything but in words of : "pleasant - UN pleasant" everything we do in life , we do for pleasant feelings. If we lost emotions, we lost our life, we'll die.
Standing up to bullies is necessary because they are cowards at heart.  A good rule to keep in mind is that everyone looks for a victim, but no one looks for an opponent.  If the bully receives little or no resistance, then he or she may continue to do the bullying, but getting resistanace tends to entail a challenge.  Even if resisting the bully is not immediately successful, sooner or later the bully will get the hint.Ignore them.  Stay out of their way.. . You are not suppose to acknowledge the behavior you do not want to accept or tolerate.You need to face them and don't chicken out from the interaction, they are weaker than they try to appear to cover their insecurities.If you are being bullied, ask you teacher or parents to deal with it for you.. . If you are the parent, call the bullies parent, and speak to the teacher.. . The bully is usually very insecure and acting out for attention.They should get beat up by bigger bullies!!!All of this is going to sound cliche but trust me it works.  Ignore them.  They want to get a rise out of you.  If you act like you don't care what they do, they'll move on to someone else.  Also, show no fear.  Bullies like to intimidate and have power over people.  Fear gives them that.  So don't be afraid to stand up to them and not care what they do.  They're really small in character if they have to do this to feel powerful.  Good luck!Give them a blanket party.avoid them... or tell on themBullies should be ignored on the first offense. By the second offense they should be confronted. If there shall be a thrid offense by the bully they should be disiplined. If any other offenses are from the same bully they should get a taste of their own medicine and they surely will stop the bullying.knock the %$#& out of them and they will stopA quick head butt to the nosewith a bully-club LOL. get it? bully... cl.... Sorry.. . TCyou have to stand up to them, confrontation is the only way. If you end up getting beat up, you might, remember this there is no dirty fighting, you fight to win or don't fight and take the abuse. My two cents - fightFirst I would start with the school, make a complaint and see if they do anything about it. Make sure you follow up and ask them what and how they approached the situation with the other family. If that didn't work than I would request a joint meeting with both families. That way you can see how the other family is of the bully and if you think it can be rectified, if the parents are nice and it's just the kid. If that doesn't work than I have no problems with making a complaint with the police. My first and foremost responsibility is to the safety of my child. Many times they can go and talk with the family, and that makes a BIG impression. It also gives you proof of a problem with this kid if something physical happens. There is no reason to have to put up with bullies in this day and age. Try to do everything you can though first with your child, such as having him avoid the other child, play on the other side of the playground. Alittle bulling doesn't hurt. Kids have to learn how to handle the fact that not everyone is nice, but it should never be allowed to become physical. Once that happens you need to let everyone know that that will not be tolerated and if it is not resolved you have no problems bring in the police to get the desired results.i think if you have a bully on you and they try to hurt you, then you need to throw the best punch possible.They should be bullied with the most humilation they can take. They'd think twice before they try to find another innocent victim.If that doesn't work,give a quick thrust up under there nose& leave them laying in a daze!
Stick your tongue in the socket to make sure the bulb goes in smoothly and that should do it.You silly girl I know you knew that!!!Take it as a project and follow tese steps.. . Step zero: check the bulb type and buy a new light bulb.. Step one: (switch off the bulb) turn off the electricity.. Step two: wait for bulb to cool down (5- 10 minutes).. Step three: take a towel and hold the bulb.. Step four: while holding the holder, turn the bulb counter-clockwise (Depends if it's a two pin head or a screw bulb).. Step Five: take a new bulb or bulb from some other place.. Step Six: fix the bulb in the holder and rotate the bulb clockwise.. Step seven: check if bulb is properly fixed.. Step eight: (switch on the bulb.) turn on the electricity.use somethin' to hold the light bulb, don't use your hand, coz' the grease on it might make the bulb die easier. then screw the bulb inFirst thing you need to learn to do is spell...then go find a new lightbulb...unscrew the old one, put the new one in and screw it in. Good luck.ask a womanok first of all turn off the light, leave it for about 3-4 mins and let it lose it heat. then get the light and its holder(holder in your left hand and bolb in your right hand) and turn the bolb from left to right(as the clocks pointers turn).buy the same bolb and do the reverse.Very funny, dickhead.Well first i think u mean light Bulb right? Well since u aren't here to answer that question i am going to tell u how to do it. Get a light bulb make sure it isnt too strong for the lamp or socket. It tells u in your lamp what kind of light bulb to use.....unscrew the light bulb from the light socket(the bad one), make sure u dont burn your hand by doing this. Move quickly so u dont burn your hand and lay it aside and then take the new one and aline it to the socket and screw it in! I just know u can do this! lolhow ho you think?. . . you have great indications in the other messages. but never forget... to change a light bulb u need to ask everyone but not an specialist. ok?. take care!Make sure it's not on. They tend to be warm or extremely hot when in use. And unscrew it.. . . . . . . . . . . . . ...jesus.Call a handy repairman @ 15 per hr to chnage it for you.
Easy! We don't. G'head and kill yourself and mostly no one will realize. We don't have to keep living, we want to keep living.I often ask myself the same question..I would just reccomend trusting in your higher power (whichever that may be) that there is a plan!BECAUSE GOD PUT YOU ON THIS EARTH FOR SOME REASON, LIFE LIFE TO YOUR FULLEST.because God put us here, so we need to respect that...right?If you were not here who would ask us such a funny question and make us puzzled!!!The only true living is in Jesus Christ. That's where i found Life. This world cannot bring you happiness...and if it does then it is only temporary. Jesus Christ is eternal life and happiness.Well to answer your question.. we dont have to do anything.. we choose to live.. that is why we work.. we work so we can eat and live.. and we live to see those we love grow.. its not always easy to understand why this and why that.. but some of the hardest question you ask are always right under your nose.. look at your mom.. dad... sister.. boyfriend.. or.. kids.. the answer is there.... . alex-      adavila_09@sbcglobal.net
Not at all.  Death is inevitable and as long as I am here, I am just going to enjoy myself.  I have no fear as to "what lies beyond" as I maintain a strong Spiritual ( not religious ) relationship with the Universe and accept everything that comes my way as a Gift from the Divine :)yeah ! its so sad u dont know where you go and waht is it like being dead ?!?! DUDE ! goodbeyBecause people focus too much on the happiness they perceive in the worldly life.I welcome both ,I know where I'm going when I die.No, I am not afraid of death or of dying - this life is just a temporary learning journey - and the body the dress we wear. The only thing I fear is not seeing thru my purpose of being here. . I guess I see dying as liberating and being free at last from this world.No, not at all.  I know what lies "over there."  Night is really beautiful.  The only thing I fear is a painful, drawn out death, but I'm sure I can beat death even at that game.Yes, i do afraid to die, although there's some kinda life beyond death, because i don't know if i have live up to my full potential for the world when my time comes...No. I don't believe that death is the end of anything except 'this' life.No, I am not afraid to die.  No one knows for sure what is on the other side.  I face my life as an adventure, so I view death the same way.No. Everyone dies at some point. You can't live forever. When it happens, it happens. There's nothing you can do to stop it. You shouldn't live your life being paranoid about death. Just live, and be happy.R U ready 2 RUMBLE?!?!not afraid , i know that eventually i will die it is something that i accepted , i am not however embracing itYou can't truly be alive until you've come to terms with death.  Death is inevitable, it happens to the best and the worst alike.  You can't outrun it, you can't ignore it, but you can use it to enrich your life.  Acknowledge that it'll come without your consent, and live as if it'll come knocking tomorrow.. . It's like taxes.  You can worry about them all you want, but when the day comes, you have to belly up all the same.  The only thing you can do is to try to maximize your abilities to pay and minimize the impact of losing the money.  . . You can't hide, you can't escape, but you can be thankful and enjoy what you do have.Hell Yeah Im Scared Funny Thing Is I Dont Wanna Live Forever Either. The Even More Scary Part Is That You Dont Know The Truth About Death Until You Die Scary...the fear is of the unknown ...the permenance of non existence....
I believe to do Gods will.  Still not sure exactly how though.  I am stuck in old ways and am starting to really want to change, but some things are harder than others.Because each person has a job to do on this earth. A good message which u send.An individual has no purpose.  The human race is here so existence can figure itself out.to help people w/ their problems and follow God42, indeed.Hmmm. Dont know. But if you find out, let me know.It depends what you mean by 'you' is it body, it is here to live until it disintegrates back to elements.depends is you're religous or not... the general/most common answer is this: good question.....To do better then last time I was here!42.To be good compost when we die....Because, as the right chemical compositions of amino acids traveleing on meteors hitting the earth and after millions of years of evolution, well...  here we are.Aparently to answer questions on Yahoo! Answers.I was made in His likeness, created in His image, I was made to serve the L-rd.... KJV Bible: "Do unto others as".. is serving Him.OH !! just like all the animals and birds and plants... and dinosaurs....etc ,etc.... just to keep living until death comes and knock on our door..To bring God pleasure.Becaues God created all man and God has a plan for us and we all have a purpose here on earth.
with "culture" we've surrounded ourselves with an almost completely seperate environment, and that has been the case for hundreds if not thousands of years.. . If you want to see man still living more "animal-like" if you will, then take a look at a clip from papua new guinea.  arguably still the home of what some might say are the most "primitive" of societies.. . Such adjectives never really have a place in serious ethnographical discussion, but i think it's what you are looking for.. . don't get me wrong, plenty of Papuans have likely left to be educated elsewhere in asia or australia or something like that.  I'm not saying they are another species or anything, I just wanted to help you see that the capacity to still go back to our animal tendencies is all too easy; we're talkin millions of years of human evolution.. . It just doesn't go away, which lends heavily to many of the dillemas we face today, i.e. overpopulation.  we're so short sighted, short term thinkers; that was the best way thousands, millions of years ago but not now as we steadily pollute and populate ourselves and the planet to death.. . there is a mass extinction going on right now, elephants and tigers are trying to fight back in india but it's beyond their powers alone.To answer your question very briefly it is the human spirit that differentiates the human being. Genetically we may be similar, but DNA alone cannot explain the human spirit.We all evolved from a common ancestor.. . You can see it best in baby everythings. Baby humans look like baby chimps, but adult humans look more like baby chimps than they do adult chimps (this is called "neoteny," that humans retain infantile characteristics, particularly because of our large heads). A few weeks into pregnancy and you can barely tell a pig and a human embryo apart. So on, and so forth.. . Evolution, baby.Actually, when compared to other mammals,without our skin or theirs, we look very similar. In fact we function simillary.. Look at a bat and a human notice the fingers. It is very coolEvolution works like the branches of a tree, with each branch being a new trait. when Evolution branches the whole creature doesn't completely transform, just some traits change. Like zebras evolving from horses. So you and other mammals have a lot traits that are alike even though you are very different than "the animals".Man is an animal ...what do you mean ?excellent question.  get on all fours and see the similarity!  we are simply another animal. we may not like the comparison and it may seem offensive and degrading, but that doesn't make it any less true.i dont admit that man is animal ,ALLAH ALMIGHTY has a lot of creations in this world and in  all these HUMAN BEINGS are best ( no doubt )..     Every specie has its own chromosomal number and its own identity so i dont agree with those persons who say that man is animal or man was an animal in begining ,.      as far as similarities are concerned between man and animal ,,, i want to clear that . . every living being has its all responses based on three things . 1-  food. 2- protection. 3- survival ( reproductive potential).   every specie either man or any animal ,wants to satisfy these three basic things .... and due to these some times we have same behavirol responses as those of animals ....     as far as chempensy is concerned this is the animal having LARGEST BRAIN after HUMAN BEINGS.. so he has more thinking power than other animals BUT LESS THAN MAN ,.    then comes the point of EVOLUTION .... evolution can result in the adaptations ( physiological or psychological ) but it can never convert a SPECIE into another one.that can be done only by GENETIC MUTATATIONS ...  i hope u got wt i said ....in plain english, we got the short end of the stick!:DEvolution!  We got what we needed, but evolution is ongoing.
To see if someone will be suitable and able to withstand the demands of the job.  It could also be to see if someone has characteristics that may deem them unsuitable for a job.  Depending on the job, what the employers are looking for could be anything, from the ability to motivate oneself, the ability to negotiate, the ability to withstand high pressured demands, the ability to withstand long periods of isolation (crucial in astronauts) the ability to see things from anothers viewpoint and the ability to stand up for ones self to name a very select few characteristics that may be looked for in a candidate. It does work both ways and the results of some tests may show up that the person does have many of the desired personality characteristics required for the job, but they may also have undesirable ones, for example they may be rude, they may have little punctuality, they may prefer to work by themselves and the job may require lots of team work and they may be very ignorant to the ideas of others and over confident in their own, again to name a few.  With so many companies needing to keep up a good reputation and rapport with others its very important that candidates who are selected for the jobs have the ability to do the job and the personality to maintain the reputation of the company.  Some companies will administer actual personality tests to candidates and may ask them to particiapte in group activities etc (all of which would be designed by occupational psychologists) and others may simply ask you to write a personal statement about yourself to send with the application.  . Personality testing can also be used when selecting current employees for promotion, or posting them to another department-think how important this would be, in say, the police.. Hope this helps a little!they are looking for loyalty, dependability, ability to blend with a group and stability in personality.I did my Master's thesis on this very topic!  Personality tests are designed to either include or exclude certain personality types that are attractive or detractive to employers.  Many employers look to exclude those people with characteristics which could become a liability to them in the future during employment.  Others seek to include qualities that will work best in their environment, toward their mission and with their current employees.. . There are certain drawbacks to each of the tests (MMPI, CPI) based on their design. Thus, many employers use the personality tests in conjunction with other selection tools to chose the best candidate for their available position.Sometimes I think they can be great, it determining what a person is like, how intelligent they are at certain things, their strengths etc. But I also think they can be relied upon too heavily, be seen as the answer, when they are only part of it, and a lot of the time they are only suited to one culture. Testing has a whole pile of limitations. But it is a good basis for preliminary investigation of an employee.I took a class once about personalities in the work place. I had to take it for my Casino job so that we would know how to get along with other people we're working with that have certain personalities, therefore making a better working environment. Certain personalities don't like to take orders and some are fine with it; other personalities like giving orders.It helps people to know if they will like a job and if they are good for it.  I found that The Call is amazing!  Check out thecallonline.com to take it!
1) Socialization means the process by which an individual becomes integrated into a social group by adopting its values and attitudes.. 2) The study of socialization draws on psychological accounts of social development and interpersonal relations by Sigmund Freud and Kurt Lewin, but its application to social and political processes draws on the work of the sociologist and philosopher Emile Durkheim. According to Durkheim, socialization ensures both the ordered running of society and individual freedom, because the individual submits to the values of society and in doing so, acquires a personal interest in obeying social rules.Socialisation is how we interact with poeple in all capacity. This is my understanding of socialisationDo they not have any books with encyclopedia stamped on them or instructors at uni. That would probably be a good starting point for you.
Why would you want to be a heart breaker. I had my heart broken and that is not the greatest feeling. You shouldn't have to be a player and a heart breaker to get some Pu***.. . Just a little of advice: You weep what you sow, so be careful what you sow.Find alot of girls who are dumb enough to sleep with someone like you.Well you got the mentality down.. . Do you understand that women studies--is usually about women who want to leave man's oppression and be treated equally? To be honored for their acheivement. I think you maybe need to ask this question over in relationships.. . But here is my advice--read this forum and it's question and answers, put yourself in her shoes, empathize with chicks--read books written for chicks. Learn the words to Josh Kelley songs--because for a young dude he kind of gets us--and above all else--stay away from my daughter.More to the point, why would you want to?
Hypnosis is a state of mind.  You're probably already as mellow as it goes.control. hypnosis is all about losing control...You just may have really strong control and have difficulty letting go.  If you want to be hypnotized I would suggest some relaxation techniques such as yoga or meditation and then try again.The reason behind is that you consciously or unconsciously oppose to hypnotize.Hypnosis is understood to be a physiological condition in which an individual may be induced to show apparent differences in behavior and thinking.First you should be ready to be hypnotized and secondly you accept that one can hypnotize you.cause you r not concentrating enough. hypnotization is a psychological thing. if ur not psychologically ready then how can u be hypnotised!!The ability to be hypnotized is based on your level of suggestibility.  If it is high, you can be easily hypnotized, if it isn't, then you can't.Hypnosis is, for some, a very viable means of treatment. However, there is absolutely nothing "magical" or "spiritual" about its use in the therapy or counseling session.. . Some people simply cannot be hypnotized. Others have difficulty being hypnotized, but can be with enough time and effort. Still others are very easily hypnotized. There are two things that you must keep in mind: one, you cannot ever be hypnotized against your will; and two, while under hypnosis, you cannot provide information that you would not normally willingly give.. . So, the "hocus-pocus" type of hypnosis that one sees in films and the like is just that - fantasy. No one can place you under some form of magical hypnosis and have you relate all of your innermost, deep, dark secrets. So don't worry!. . To allow yourself to be hypnotized, there are a couple of things that may help.. . First of all, you need to be completely - or at least mostly - relaxed. This usually requires a comfortable environment.. . Secondly, you need to place trust in the hypnotist. Whether you are going for professional therapy, or are being hypnotized to be placed into a relaxed state by a lover, you must be completely at ease with the hypnotist.. . And lastly, you must have a vivid imagination and let your thoughts run free. Hypnotism is more or less the act of entering a relaxed state so you can think and "feel" clearly.. . There are many reasons to be hypnotized. At times a counseling psychologist will offer the option to her clients (I have done so a couple of times for a few of my clients); the purpose being to allow them to be more restful and more easily relate and explain what issues they wish to deal with. Another reason for hypnosis is a private, intimate one; perhaps you have come home from a long, stressful day at work and need some relaxation. Being "hypnotized" - or rather, allowing oneself to be relaxed by suggestion - by a lover is a wonderful (and rather erotic) situation.. . Good luck to you!Because its a crock
1) Scapegoat/justification for war.. . 2) Crutch for the weak.. . 3) Hoax.Religion is the way man take to seek his god. Because man is made with a soul, he longs to find his origin of his being as well as his identity. Since the beginning of time, man has devised various ways to come to peace with his origin so that he knows where he will go when he dies. This is the Holy Week for Christians. It is also a good time for me to share with you that Jesus Christ is the Way, the Truth and the Life. He who believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life. Though he dies, yet he shall live.religion is any activity professing belief or faith in something or somebody.some thing to believe infaith and belief
Try them out!!....What do you like to do? What do you think about during the day? How many days do you thin about doing the same thing over adn again?.  Some one like you is Great because they are always searching. Discovering things about yourself. I think you will not be happy untill you do something great. .  I know this because I found myself asking the same questions a while back. And I have been trying to do great things since..  Just relax and think of something safe. try it. See where the road takes ya. . Good luck. You will be happy this year. I promise you that.Pair up all your options and asign them heads or tails. Flip a coin. If you accept the outcome, go with that; if you think "best 2 of 3" is better go with the other.As long as you want something you can't have or have something you must struggle to keep, you won't be really happy. Nobody is ever truly satisfied as long as there's more to get. The only way you can be truly happy is if you are at peace without wants, worries, or cares. How you can divorce yourself from all or even most material desires is pretty darn near impossible to imagine, but it's the only way to be really happy.Accomplishing your goals can help make you happy.   Make an action plan that has small manageable steps and work on it a little each day.  This helps me be happy.trial and error i guess....just think of something that makes you smile, or try a whole lot of new and different things to see what makes u happyWhat do you want most?   That probably won't do it.
A little pixie lives in your car radio and every time you stop to get out of the car she reads your mind and switches to your favourite song! . ITS TRUE!. Start using your CD player or I-pod player...never happens then...the sercurity is way too sofisticated for the stupid pixies!Maybe you drive too fast! Seriously, though, I'm notorious with my kids for saying "Don't get out of the car yet - I want hear the end of this song!". . My advice is to chill out and listen to rest of the song. That will probably improve your mood for the rest of the day!your bad luck.....it always has to happen with me tooo....so in that case my bad luck too....There are no pixies in your radio. That is a lie started by the international pixie conspiracy.. . Sound gremlins are the real name for the little men inside the radio that sing songs or talk about things and this is what you here when you listen to a radio. They are also lonely creatures and will sing a song they have seen you humming so that you will stay with them.CAUSE YOU CHOOSE THE WRONG TIME TO CLOSE THE RADIOThe answer is very simple. You must like a radio station very much; one of the reason is that it has got good music. So it is rarely when it will be a bad song playing. I am a music addicted as well and I know this for a fact.stay in your car and listen to itthe same reason the telephone rings just after you lock your door and put your keys in your bag-Murphey's Law!the people at the radio station do it to intentionally annoy people.... happens to me all the time.It only seems that way.  It is a perception issue.. . You only have your interest piqued when it is a good song.  When the song is bad, you don't say to yourself, "Man, am I glad I didn't have to listen to that."
What "box below"? Maybe they mean the "@suchandsuchmail.com"A character string is a series of letters, numbers, or other symbols. I'd have to see the context, but it sounds like they might be asking you to type something, maybe a password.
Behavioral psychology is one branch of psychology that deals with physiological function that can affect behavior. While psychology is a general term that has many specializations under it.There isn't a difference. behavioral Psychology is a part of Psychology as a whole. there are many different aspects to psychology and behaviorism is just one of them.Behaviorists believe that studying thought, personality, or any of the intangible things that define us as humans is an inappropriate subject for sciences. They only study observable phenomena: behavior (and technically brain science stuff).. . Cognitivists and social psychologists see these things as necessary for understanding human behavior, because our thoughts, feelings, and personality influence everything else about us, including our behavior. So far, it looks like the cognitive paradigm is winning the war. ;pbehavioural pychology is about peoples behavior and why they act the way they do and psychology is about everythingBehaviorial psychology is a school of thought within the discipline of psychology.  There are MANY schools of thought within psychology.Behacioral psychology: . . The behavioral perspective is a view that emphasizes how the environment and learning experiences shape and control behavior. . . The roots of behavioral psychology comes from the early experiments and theories of Ivan Pavlov (classical conditioning) and Throndike/Skinner (operant conditioning). . . All these theories and terms were melted down by John Watson in USA, and became the school of Behaviorism. . Behaviorism is a school of psychology that emphasizes the effects of learning and environmental control on behavior and maintains that the propoer subject matter of psychology is observable behavior. . . So - one could define behavioral psychology like the following: it emphasizes on the measurement of behavior (just the observable behavior), and how the environment (and learning) shape (and control) it. . . . . Psychology:. . Well, psychology is defined in many ways - but no matter how you define it - it includes all of the different schools of psychology. It would be like "Biology". But Biology still has a lot of categories - like ecology, plants physiology etc.... . If you want some definitions of psychology, here's a good one:. "The scientific study of behavior and mind".. . Also - the word psychology comes from the greek words psyche (which means soul) and the word logos (which means word or reason). The word Logos, used in these contexts, means "the school of".. If you put it together, psychology comes out as: A school/science of the soul.
Do you mean why do we remain sad longer than we remain happy?  Because we are ungrateful.  When something good happens we get happy and it feels good but after a while we need a happy fix again so we begin to analyze what we did wrong when in reality the only thing we did wrong is be unappreciative.Because you have everything and nothing can make you happy anymore. When something sad happens you feel very sad.because maybe your fellings feel badbecause sadness is not good for our healthbecause it evokes "symphaty"!  When a person is looking sad, someone else will eventually ask "What the matter?" "Why soo sad?"  . Hence, "sympathy"!!I hold it true, whate'er befall;. I feel it, when I sorrow most;. 'Tis better to have loved and lost. Than never to have loved at all.more effect then what?Sadness is a feeling - it's one of the many normal human emotions, or moods, we all have. Sadness is the emotion people feel when they've lost something important, or when they have been disappointed about something, or when something sad has happened to them or to someone else. When they're lonely, people often feel sad. Maybe you miss somebody. Maybe somebody you really like doesn't want to be friends, and you don't feel so great about yourself. Maybe an illness or condition gets in the way of doing some things you want to do. There are lots of reasons that people feel sadness.  And due to the fact that many of the things listed above happen in our everyday lives, including sress, lack of sleep, etc... it tends to effect us more then other feelings.  It's hard to have something good happen all of the time, so you get happy and that's it, but bad things occur, be big or small, all of the time, so it tends to have more of an effect.  Like they say when it rains it pours.  So when you are already sad and something else happens to soon, it tends to have a bigger effect also.because your not happy it seems to have an effect on you because your not really doing what you want to do so take a break form worring and party more, and have sleep over with a friends and have all of the fun you can have!!!
Simple: love others. . if you can do that youd gain three things: love and respect your self, gain love of others, and become immune to all forms of arrogance :)Love what is good about yourself (preferrably, it should be something that other people ALSO say that you are good at), and leave everything else open to correction from other people.. . By inviting people to correct you and help you with your weaknesses, you avoid the danger of developing arrogance.. . But this can only be done if you first identify what is good about yourself, so you have the confidence of asking people for help in areas where you could improve.Accepting ourselves as ourselves is a part of it, in my opinion. I don't view myself as arrogant, but I'm under no illusion as to the opinions of others. If no one judged anyone else then we would have the option of determining our character for ourselves, and self love is pretty important to survive. So I see arrogance as an assigned value from another's perspective; possibly reflecting something they fear in themselves; but who know what is the mind of another? And frankly if that was what was in their mind, of what value would it be? Thank you for this question, it made me really think; and I like that; yes; I like that a lot!You can be happy with who you are, realize that you have some positive things in your life and that you do some things well. Remember not to look down on other people, whether or not you percieve they are "worse" than you are. When you bring other people into it, thats when you can become arrogant. Also if you take an honest view of who you are, admitting your fault (which can be tough to do), then you will perhaps be a humbler more self aware person.From a religious point of view, if you know where you stand in relation to God, that will keep you humble. If you know you are a beloved child of God, that will help remind you to respect yourself and the physical body that you have. If you stay close to family and become involved in community service, other people will remind you that you are loved and appreciated, but that you need to stay humble, as we are all in this life together, and no one is perfect.acknowledge our faults, accept our flaws
There is no war to be won. Can you fight against say Mathamatics? Or Biology? What would you really be fighting against?with your fistsA psychological question about a psychiatric phenomenon... The fight isn't real.  It doesn't exist.It is unreasonable to desire to fight psychiatry and psychology. These are tools that are used to help thousands of people. Some people are born with chemical imbalances/ other differences in the brain that can only be rectified with medicine. That is a scientific fact. Psychology is a tool used by trained professionals to help us look at our own issues objectively and help guide us to knowledge about ourselves. For instance, many child traumas are repressed subconsciously, yet they still effect our behavior in many negative ways. A psychologist is trained to help us trace back to some sources of our behavior and helps us understand it better. Are you a scientologist? Are you against science and medicine, 2 things that have been proven to save countless lives?Take 'em down in the parking lot after dark, they won't suspect a thing.. . Yeah! Mathmatics is next! The jerks...Keep telling everyone you aren't crazy. Eventually they might believe you and leave you alone. Carrying a sign saying I'M NOT CRAZY is a good way to start.Are you a scientologist, by any chance?sorry mate you can't psychology is an everyday occurrence and psychiatry is when you f#/k up your psychology good luckthere's no need to fight against it. Both of them has a porpose and need.Well, according to a lot of people, you would lose this battle because psychologists are nothing but brain washers and mind controllers.  . Seriously, I understand that there are some bad psychologists out there.  I apologize for that.  But the bulk of psychologists and psychiatrists are good, competent, empathetic people.  Don't judge the field based on a few bad shrinks.  . Why would you want to eliminate something that has obviously helped so many people?  Think of where we would be without psychology.  You may be locked up in a lunatic asylum and given ECT.Contact your local Chapter of :. "The Citizens Commission on Human Rights ". . This group works exclusively to expose Psychiatric Abuse and has . getting rid of it entirely as one of their goals. the help individuals all the time in this area.. . Check for a web site.What's your problem exactly - wage war on everything you don't understand or agree with - free your mind. follow the white rabbit . . .bang your head through the wall, they will be out of a job in no timewhat aspect of psychiatry and psychology are you wanting to fight against? They are not the same thing, by the way.love ourselves.
gritty |?grit?| adjective ( grittier , grittiest ) 1 containing or covered with grit. 2 showing courage and resolve : a gritty pioneer woman. • tough and uncompromising : a gritty look at urban life. DERIVATIVES grittily |?grit?l?| adverb grittiness nouncontaining or covered with small particles such as sand etc.
don't breathe.Depends on what is causing them....a doctor might help...especially if it is involuntary and you have Tourette's.dont eat beans [hint hint]if its snoring then just breathe with your mouth instead of ur nose. if its just u then hold still and don't say a thingput them to weird music and be a star!from where are these sounds coming from...?Sit quietly. Don't move! That's it! Now you've got it!
Stop letting her copy off of your paper...she'll get the clue.She doesn't deserve you. Stop letting her copy your stuff and realize that you don't need to beg others to like you. Believe in youself! Ok, that was a little corny...but true!
slip-up that (according to Sigmund Freud) results from the operation of unconscious wishes or conflicts and can reveal unconscious processes in normal healthy individuals . . . The Freudian slip is named after Sigmund Freud, who described the phenomena he called faulty action (Fehlleistung or parapraxis) in his 1901 book The Psychopathology of Everyday Life.It's what Emma Freud wears under her skirt!Its like when I said I was going to be "sexteen" instead of sixteen. 16 being the age you can legally have sex!A Freudian Slip is when we unconsciously say what is really on our mind, instead of what we meant to say!  This is an example of one I once said:. My ex and I were talking about what animals we look like and he asked me what animal he looked like.  I've always thought he was just like a hippo, but I thought that was a bit cruel, so I decided I'd tell him he looked like a bear.  I MEANT to say to him "If you weren't a human, you would be a bear" but what I SAID was "If you weren't a HIPPO you'd be a bear!" . He wasn't very impressed but even now it makes me laugh-that is one example of a Freudian Slip anyway!. All the best!A Freudian slip is an absent minded remark that seems to reveal subconscious feelings. For example'Freudian Slip' or sommonly known as the slip of the tongue, is unconscious mistakes / saying, which happen (according to psychodynamic point of view) because the person has something in his/her unconscious mind.. For example, my friend at college mispell "kontrol" (control, in Indonesian) in her thesis into "kontol" (penis, Indonesian). It had been a good laugh, but someone pointed out that she is getting married in a month, and that's the freudian explanation of her humiliating mistake.of or relating to Sigmund Freud or his psychoanalytic ideas
i agree on whatever you decide .Maybe because women instict is to feed. Maybe that's why it makes woman more carefull and giving to children, and even with our bf, or husband. Because our instinct is not looking for someone who take cares of us, but we need to be the caring person in the relation.I think that some women like breastspff I don't know what you're talking about, I like breasts.  and I'm sure a lot of girls do but don't admit it....we're maybe not as fascinated with them because we see them every single day.Same reason that most men are not attracted to a penis.  Women have breasts.  They see them every day and they really hurt just before a period.  Sometimes, they can really be a burden.apparently, lesbians LOVE breasts!!!i have my own... why would I need someone else's?Im not a lesbian and I like breasts. They are beautiful.women i know all love breasts so much so they have two each.. and i found two of them sucking and biting there breasts last Friday. Dhow i do admit that was some chicken Breasts in a sauce
resources r not limited.its just dat we human beings hv UNLIMITED wants...wen one want is satisfied another crops up......also we dun utilize d resources properly and thus we dun get the max yield.we r overpopulated n still growing.........people in higher positions with GREED. if there is enough for everyone someone always take more than their shareGod, was angry at us for like eating his apple, so he said haahaha now you guys can no longer get all-you-can eat buffet, see how u like it punny human, go fish in the sea for food if you not full, and then we where like CRAP! good work eve, now you have to clean all the dishes caushed you crashed the free buffetWhen the LAW OF SUPPLY AND DEMAND becomes inbalance.Artificial scarcity occurs through manipulation. This boosts profits. Real scarcity occurs through depletion of desired goods. For example, gasoline right now, is that artificial or real scarcity? The true answer lies in how much oil is left in this world. Some say plenty. Then why is gas prices soaring? Artificial scarcity. Some say not much because the refineries can't handle all the demands, reason for soaring gas pricesScarcity is defined as: when the price is zero, the quantity demanded exceeds the quantity supplied. Price is a measure of relative scarcity. When the price is rising, the commodity is becoming relatively scarcer. When the price is falling, the commodity is becoming relatively less scarce.Resources are always finite. Since we tend to have infinite wants, the people running businesses can market more effectively in the search of the highest profit possible.Scarcity is defined as:  quantity demand>quantity supply when price = 0.. . it does not refers to the limitation of resources.. . . Scarcity occurs becuz of the unlimited human desire.
Don't answer the door.  Cut off all communication completely.  That will speak volumes.there's a place right at the top of your nose that if you press firmly it's supposed to stop your tears. personally i just keep my mouth shut until i know i'm not gonna cry, big deep breath, say it all and then make him leave. sometimes it helps if you write down everything that irritates you about him so that you can focus on those things instead of getting in a muddle.Good for you!  Keep your strength and resolution.  To that end...Get a restraining order and make him stay away from you.  . . If you really want to let him know how you feel, then write him a letter.  (Don't put anything in it that could get you in trouble.)  If you write him a letter, then you will not have to go thru the emotional thing with him.An Ex-parte would do wonders.try holding your breath alittle bit then taking deap breathes and when you feel that they're about to come out look away or try tightening your face.Praying helps.Distance your self from the "good times". Forget them. Focus on the pain that made it end. Remember it is in everyone's nature to manipulate people. Fortify your will with the hatred of his transgressions. Know that every word is a lie crafted to ruin your happiness and you will not have trouble being polite.There are no breathing exercises.  You need to move someplace new and get a fresh start that is best for you to do.you still feel the need to put up with him, just that this time you want to overcome his argument.. wouldn't it be more liberating for you to just clear him out of your life by stopping him from coming over?Simple.  You've told him how you feel.  You don't have anything else to say to him.  You don't want to get back together with someone who abuses you, so you don't need his apology.  If he rings your doorbell, don't answer.  If he calls you, either don't pick up (if you have caller ID) or hang up on him.  If you don't want to talk to him, DON'T.think of something gross.  or ugly.  Like...think of an obese man shakin his @Ss in a bikini.  Now thatl get my mind off crying anyday.  hell, u may start crying cuz of that disgusting image.  or get a new bf so you dont feel bad.Crying or not, tell this guy to hit the road and not to come back and then if he does get you a restraining order. No matter what he says, under no circumstances should you take this guy back. You should be proud of yourself for having the strength and sense enough to get away may have saved your life.  It is OK to feel bad about the break up.  You invested youself and your emotions and it didn't work out, that hurts and you have every right to cry.. . About the crying. Do it when you need to  Give yourself permission to just cry and cry for a set amount of time. When the time is up get a pillow and let out one final good long loud scream and then take some slow deep breaths and then splash some cold water on your face and drink some cold water. Keep breathing in a regular rhythm and you should be calmed down enough to go on.Seriously this is just another way to control you without dating you. Get a male friend to meet him with you. If your pal isn't with you, don't answer the door or the phone to the guy. You need to end it totally with this guy and stop talking with him.-u'r welcome. . but i'd say, forgive him. let go of all negative emotions. then move on. it's not nice for a girl to bawl.. . NascarFan is absolutely right, kudos!HAPPY THOUGHTS GO TO A NURSING HOME AND VISIT OLD PEOPLE WHO HAVE NO ONE IN THEIR LIVES,, CHEER "THEM" UP AND YOU CHEER YOURSLEF UP.. XXOXOXO TOMtry remembering the things he abused you over, and getting angry about it when he is not around. then, use a visualization of being in control when talking with him even though you are angry- lots of different things rely on this technique for physical skills, I see no reason it would not work for mental/psychological purposes as well.I learned the definition of a new word last year: co-dependent. It doesn't mean anyone is a bad person or needy. It just means that as humans we have a tendency to let our emotions get so wrapped up in how someone else thinks of us that we forget we are beautiful children of God who are independent and creative. Sometimes the pain we feel goes on for months. That is because as humans we are capable of remembering many things at the same time. Pain may be described as the persistence of memory and our own spiritual sensitivity. Work on making new memories with new people. If you pray for this ex-boyfriend to be strong enough to let go of you, that might have an interesting effect as well. He may need an anger management class in addition to that.Tell him to leave you alone. Ignore him and he will leave you alone.. and if not.. call the police. You don't have to learn tricks to "survive" every moment you meet him. Just.. tell him to leave you alone, and you won't have to learn any trick to "get your point across".Think happy thoughts. Feel confident. Believe in yourself before you encounter him.Go to a hypnotherapist or go back to him and have sexual intercourse.Get a restraining order give urself sometime and roomcarry a tazer and zap him when he comes in or when you start crying.Start dating pronto, he'll leave you alone real quick the next time he shows up and you're with someone else. Plus it will do wonders for the important party here, YOU :) Remember who YOU were before he showed up, find your inner strength and start kicking ass again girl. Hello, you're female, YOU HAVE THE POWER :)There isn't enough time in the world to waste crying over something that has already died. Although it is hard to to move on and toughen up and grow up and get over things it really is the best. There are many good people out there looking to make you happy. Lifes a wonderful thing no reason to be down about it.You just answered my Got Jesus question.  A:  it's not praying in the streets as Pharisees do, it's asking people a valid question.  we are here to continue Christs work, I'm just trying to reach a wider range of people, not bragging about being the best Christian who prays the most and so on.  . . God Bless you
I think women prefer this.  And, so he can protect us.  He can reach scary spiders.Our female ancestors chose tall men to be with.  They're big & strong.Evolution.Estrogen stimulates the growth plate (the place where long bones grow as children) to close, halting the longitudinal growth of long bones - thus girls' growth plate closes at a younger age than boys, allowing the boys bones to continue to grow for several more years.  Testosterone on the other hand stimulates various other growth hormones which actually promote longitudinal bone growth.  Both of these factors - longer time to grow and more hormone stimulation to grow result in boys growing taller on average than girls.. . See the link below for much more detail if you are interested.If you had 25 pound boobs you would be short too.Genetics. Males (in most species) are designed to be large and powerful whereas the females are designed to be agile and quick, therefore smaller.bot men and women decided it. i have seen cases where the wife is taller than the husband.Ask Tom Cruise...cuz dudes like chicks that are hot and innocent looking. (they get the innocent thing from being small) but all of this doesn't mean to be small cuz we don't like really small people.I believe it came from the need for men to see down womens cleavage.because it was genetically designed to be that way. GIRLS LIKE IT THAT WAY!i think becuase mens cell work faster and the bones are stonger then womens bonesgeneticsI'm shorter than my wife, but stronger.  We develop differently because our bodies are different and require different traits.  Diet also affects growth.  As to why couples choose their mates as they do, larger targets attract the hunters, while smaller prey, the female, hides and bears children to promote the survival of the species.'cause chicks don't dig guys that are shorter than them.  Also, most women are shorter than most men, so, statistically, most couples would end up that way.when a females are seeking a mate to procreate with, on a inner subconcious level she will predominately seek out the healthiest, strongest, most capable male.  This gives her a capable provider and the prospect of healthy off spring.  sometimes women select a slighter built male because he is more appealing in a more intellectual and feminine nature. I am talking very basic sex stuff here. Stuff that happens on a sub concious level.Women are shorter so they are better able to open the oven and pick up dirty laundry.  /dodge gunfire. . Ok seriously, men are TYPICALLY taller than women due to genetics and evolution.  Without knowing specific scientific information, I would have to assume its due to hightened (or just different) hormone levels that promote bone and muscle growth. Hope that helps, now go make me some brownies. =Dcoz God created it that way.and women mostly,are more attracted to men taller than them.Bones and cells definitely plays a big role in determining the height of individuals but I don't think they provide a clear answer as to why guys are usually taller than gals.. Here is my opinion...They way I see it, men and women are just equal in the height department. That means women can grow as tall as any men can. It only seem like there are more women who are shorter than men because you commonly see them walking around in pairs, and as you know very well, our society dictates that it's ideal to have a taller guy in a relationship than a taller girl. . But Try to check out tha physical stature of guys and girls from an asian country for a change. And compare the height of the asian males to those of caucasian females.You'll see that there are more taller caucasian females than asian males! Proving that it is not really true that guys are actually taller than women.It depends on a lot of factors really, ANd sometimes you just gotta look at it from a different perspective in order to see what is not obvious.
what the hell does this have to do with PSYCHOLOGY?!on my yahoo you can pick out what theatres you want listed and it will tell you what movies are playing and the start timesgo to www.moviefone.com or go to Yahoo Movies and check the theatreslook up the theater onlinewww.moviefone.com. . or you can call 777film
I believe it's all of the above.The second one. Why is this hard?2nd one sounds goodfor most orchids that are grown in the wild, orchids look for a variety of light intensities, so in tropical trees, they will be found at various heights, each height representing a different light intensity.  Orchids actually require a fungus that can grow in knooks and crannies of a tree.  the orchids get a growing medium and water from the fungus and the orchids supply sugar to the fungus for it to grow on.
the money that united nation have is provided almost from the whole world to help needy ppl and i don think that anyone would think that somalia don need helpBecause of it's failure to prevent the circumstances that have led to Somalia's misery.The United Nations is there to promote worldwide peace and understanding.  Why should they not assist Somalia?
I think it involves the loss of ego.  When you completely stop thinking about yourself and are concerned only with the welfare of others, you have reached enlightenment.Enlightenment refers to satisfaction of having achieved or acquired what you thought.It can be achieved only by means of pure faith,being loyal and honest to everyone..The easiest way to achieve enlightenment in today's world is by practising the habit of never keeping any work pending.. This gives us the real satisfaction which in turn can be coined as enlightenment.
You can't give a theory about war veterans and the effect. of war on their relationships without bringing post-traumatic stress disorder into the picture. It's the most. common and relevant factor,all veterans suffer from it to some degree.After a vet comes home from war you have to understand that they are different people. After seeing all that death and destroying their minds have to absorb the fact that its over. Before they left things that were very important to them no longer seem so important. Its hard to see food wasted when you have seen kids starving to death. Girls you thought were so cute now seem shallow. Guys who were your best friends don't seem that way anymore. In most vets this feeling of isolation's goes away in a while but then you have men who never really come back the men they were before. Relationships take a beating until the man comes to tearms with  what he saw and did.Its Called the Delayed Stress Syndrome you come home and the extremes of combat or even the  The close personal imenance of death creates a back wash of un expressed terror that makes you sometimes lash out at others or have other symtoms  theres also see shell shockWhen the veterans came back from defeating the other side, and when people from the winning country knew what it was like in battle(ie. when they saw it on TV, esp. in the time of the Hiroshima), the women and wives probably shunned their husband because they knew that he killed many people and they do not want to live with that. Also, war veterans who experienced war, killing, blood and hardship would possibly forget about relationships with such a horrible burden to live with for the rest of their lives.also check out post traumatic stress disorder.
with the help of brain. . so use your brain.you should break this down into more specific questions. And i think you placed it in the wrong topic.oh my word... get a biology BOOK.. there is to much to tell...
First thing Monday morning spend a couple of minutes writing about what happened over the weekend, what you are looking forward to in the coming week, what color skirt the hot secretary is wearing today, or whatever. Start keeping a journal and pretty soon you will be looking forward to Monday mornings. After a long while you may begin to enjoy reading your early entries, remembering the moments in your life that were noteworthy, and if you are faithful to your journal you can use it to publish your memoirs when you retire and make a ton of money.Marge: "Homie, the plant called and said if you don't come in today don't bother coming in Monday". . Homer: "WOO HOO! FOUR DAY WEEKEND!!"Stay in bed.............Prepare yourself for work on Sunday night by sleeping early and turn off the tv, computer, music, and games earlier than Friday and Saturday night.sleep until tuesdaySleep all monday and get out of bed on tuesday morningPersonally I keep in mind that there are only 4 days left for weekend - YIPPEE!!i pray at night that ill have a good day. i always wake up happy when i do that and try to avoid things that get in my way. but then again im a calm person and very outgoing so i can almost make myself makesure i dont run into anything like that.Start counting your days to the next SundayI hate Mondays more than anything ..... I found that coming in to the office a little bit early on Mondays and reading or playing a game on line makes things a little bit easier....When 8:00 rolls around I don't feel so bad about having to get back to the daily grind...I actually feel refreshed......dont go to work call in sick....i dont work mondays yay !dont go out on sunday night, make sure u sleep early.convince your self that their will always be 1. and only you make yourself blue because it is. tell yourself monday can be a fun day. it lets you start over an ending weekendwake up in the morning,,,smile to yourself and say ,,hey what a wonderful day,,,LIFE I AM COMMMMIIIINGGG..... (its all in the mind,,,in nature there is nothing such as a monday ,a tuesday etc,,,its all man made,just to make life systematic,,,but in the process we have made it a stress for ourselves by making these days a routine.Anything repetative is always against nature,,,,nature doesnt repeat itself..Yes it converts from one form to another.So my friend ,,take everyday as a saturday and treat everyday as a monday,,,,make yourself feel that all days are wonderful ...everyday has something new,,,so open your arms for LifeBite the Blues on Monday by realising its allready allmost over even though you jusst woke up & at least it will soon be Thursday the furtherest day from Monday..Its easy.  But you have to plan for it on the potty in the morning with a piece of toilet paper and pen (the real one).  . . - List the pending jobs that you could not finish last week.. - Jot down names of people you need to make official calls to and the reasons. - Have an idea of what new thing you could do that would enhance your performance and benefit the company.. - Make a note of any important personal work that may be on your mind, but that you keep forgetting while at work.. - Carefully fold the piece of toilet paper and tuck it in your shirt pocket or bra and be sure you dont wipe your a** with it.. - Clean yourself and get fresh. - Go to your dresser and put the piece of paper in your handbag or wallet or trouser pocket.. - Go to work with a bounce. - Take out the paper as soon as you touch your table and go!Realise that there is more to life than work and that a job in only there to pay the bills! From the minute you leave the office Friday to the minute you pull up in the car park at work on Monday try your hardest not to think about work and all the things you have to do! Relax over the weekend and empty your mind of work issues! That way you'll feel much more rested and relaxed and getting out of bed to go to work on Monday won't seem as daunting. . . Handle office stress by realising you're only human and you can only focus on one thing at once! Prioritise your work and focus on one task at a time. If you are organised you will know where you are with all your work and you will feel less stressed. . . Maybe you're in the wrong job? If you're feeling unhappy at work maybe you're not getting everything you need for that particular job and it might be time to think about moving on? There are lots of careers and jobs out there.Fantasize about the upcoming Friday.
I'm not even sure what one is.you probably need to undergo intensive insight-oriented psychotherapy first to really figure out how you came to be who you are. Only then can you begin to think about writing.First.....you gotta know just how psycho you are......
For me violence can be physical abuse, verbal abuse or emotional abuse that tries to diminish or control others. This is not only true regarding humans but also animals primarily household pets.anything where people hurt other people, or purposely destroy property. . i know the latter is vandalism, but it can also be violence IMOPhysical and mental abuse against the 'other'.I don't really get your question but violence is anything that is violent.  'Could even be a strong wind.  In this case I would have to say a rough act committed against another person - and they don't like it.  That would be "violence".
its used as a swearword or to add emphasis (slang sometimes considered offensive). . e.g. a bloody nuisanceI think it mirrors f*ck.It's generally used, (in the context i assume you are asking about), as a mild exclamation/swear word, a milder version of f**king. As in "Bloody hell!". Frightfully English!!!I always thought i meant somthing like F*UCKING somthing like "Bloody Hell" "F*ucking Hell"Bloody is sometimes used to emphasize a swear word. Otherwise you're covered in blood. Blood is red and it runs through your body.blood·y  . adj. blood·i·er, blood·i·est . -Stained with blood. . -Of, characteristic of, or containing blood. . -Accompanied by or giving rise to bloodshed: a bloody fight. . -Bloodthirsty. . -Suggesting the color of blood; blood-red. . Chiefly British Slang. Used as an intensive: “Everyone wants to have a convict in his bloody family tree” (Robert Hughes). . www.dictionary.com. . Bloody as a slang word is awfully English. I think it's rather nice to use though. It's fun.bloody (EMPHASIS)   Show phonetics. adjective [before noun], adverb MAINLY UK VERY INFORMAL. used to emphasize an adjective, adverb or noun in a slightly rude way:. Example: Life would be bloody boring if nothing ever went wrong.It is traditionally believed to be a bastardisation of the phrase 'by our lady,' used in medieval England as a form of swearingIt means slaughterous(covered in blood).The "blood" in bloody refers to the blood shed by Christ, and so the term is a blasphemous, rather than scatological, form of cursing.it is in fact a old English saying pluck these bloody eyes from my head, said after seeing the devil.....it means crappy, garbage, trash, useless
heels cause your leg muscles to contract and therefore look more appealing..Ever try on a skirt with one high heel and one flat shoe and notice the difference..Who likes flat feet??It would look really awkward if they were bare footed, kinda like a clumsy look..The Porno stars union protocol forces on them to glue it.Ever see porn stars toes..really ugly and distractingThey turn a lot of men on.I guess for some it's the idea that this woman is so hungry for sex that she doesn't even have time to take her shoes off...just get it in there! that's kinda hot.Heels are sexy! The number one fetish for men is feet... and what women put on them. Wearing heels makes the female leg look exceptionally nice, it shows off our muscle tone and just adds to the fantasy that porn sells.maybe because the pumps keep the legs and butt looking...pumped?Nothing says nasty s l u t quite like a naked girl wearing high heels.. . They are censoring s l u t??????????probably a shoe fetish thingmen find it sexyI've read too many articles about how to "spice up your love life" by greeting your spouse wearing nothing but high heels. So it's something like that?So that, later they could say that ," I was not fully NUDE, atleast i was having something on BODY"men are very visual, and men find women in heels very attractive....hense,,i cant believe i said hense but anyway,,,hense, high heels on porno starsStelleto's - major sex appeal. They make a womens legs look more defined and muscular.I hate it they.Here's the truly dull answer: Different places have different rules about what's legal, and by having the "actors & actresses" keep something on, the lawyers can argue that they are not completely naked.. . Yeah, right...Men find it to be very sexy,and turns them on a lot!!!!high heels make-up, nails,hair is all part of the movies,it makes them look slender on camera,also is sexier,that,s the pointThank you, I dont know what it is, but it's lame.Why do male porn stars never take their tie off, too?heels are an intergral part of the human body. . high heels are a type of shoe if you mean high heels its because they make chicks taller and shapley. . mmmmm nice !Lots of guys have a feet fetish.  I think thats why alot of strippers and porno stars wear those cheap transparent plastic heels that are super pointy.  My ex neighbor was a pornstar and she would always go this one store in Downtown LA to get her supply of "pornstar shoes".. I think many strippers and pornstars go there to get their shoes.. Funny isnt it?I think its just because they want to finish their job and move onto another one. As they dont enjoy doing what they are doing but only money drives them to do such job.it would take too long!
Pawk yah caw - Vermont. pwok yeh carh - Boston. park your car - translationKK's answer does a pretty good job of describing it. The difference as it pertains to myself is that I find the rural Vermont accent a hundred times more tolerable than the Boston accent.Location! Location! Location!
Taking stock in ones psychological well being.  In other words, how stable/unstable is one in certain situations.when there are emotions in the assiments.perhaps it is a structured or unstructured tool to measure the emotional quotient of the respondent whatever. duh...
I think the function of television in society today is to make us not have an original thought of our own. It drowns out how we real feel and makes us believe we are never good enough and  wants us to believe we need more things. Television wants you believe there is a pill for every aliment.It's best suited for violent video games in which you can beat a cop with his own night stick.. . It's really cool too when you can mow people down on the sidewalk in a stolen corvette.. . Also, you can use your TV to put your drink on; but use a coaster so you don't leave a ring.. . I've heard of people having sex on their TV too, haven't tried it yet myself.. . Elvis put a bullet in his... I bet that was fun.The only regulation Television needs is for more people to stop watching shows they don't like, and maybe to keep better track of what their own kids are watching.  I don't want the goverment making those decisions for me.Well here in South Africa they have full day educational programs on TV for children less fortunate and unable to go to school. Secondly, I think news is pretty important and I like to know what is going on in the world.The function of television in society is to provide information and entertainment to the masses at a reasonable price.  Television is a medium that is fraught with relative free expression. It contains as many "good" programs as there are "bad". It depends on your personal preference.  Television is theoretically free if you use an antennae and can provide a deeper understanding of the impact of world events than a newspaper, magazine, or radio could hope to do. Moving images capture our imaginations and strike home in ways that mere words will never do.  The fact that television is subsidized by commercials, in my opinion, is a good thing. It allows the poor to be as in touch with the world as the rich. I do not think regulation is the key. I do think responsible parents that pay attention to what THEY allow their children to watch is. Don't regulate freedom of speech even more. Take the parents to task for being irresponsible if their children watch something inappropriate.  Many televisions now have the V-chip and most cable and satellite providers offer ways to block objectionable content by rating.  I use this method. My children can watch G rated fairytales on HBO but it requires a code to watch something R rated. Explore the options before advocating regulation.i agree but i stil watch baseballTo function as the preferred opiate of the massesI think it serves as a distraction from the harsh reality of life for many. However, I choose to watch as little TV as possible. Therefore, I feel my life is much better. I have more time to be creative and enjoy little things, like sunshine and bicycle rides.dont know dont think its good but i do enjoy watching it thoughI agree that it should be carefully regulated. The purpose of the television used to be entertainment. I think that television's purpose has evolved to advertisement/marketing. They broadcast so many commercials that at this point there is really no entertainment value. Everyone watches television and zones out the fact that they are being force fed products.I think you're wrong!  The Television is one of the world's most popular invention!  It was designed to relay messages to people faster with less work and time!  It's major function is to provide communication with current events around the world!  and if you want to consider "entertainment" as a current event, then it's major function is fulfilling its use intended.  WHy are you complaining?  you act like you've never watched TV before?Unfortunately for our society, there are too many parents in the world that use the television as a babysitter.TO Entertain the people and to inform them of news.to make mush of your mindto get people to buy stuff they do not need,and to make everyone feel like a loser because they are not famous and richNowadays, it's function is merely to get the more rating points they can so that they could sell TV airing time at very high rates to advertisers.
because then EVERYBODY would have to "pay-up" on all the promises they made by saying..."yeah, I'll do  ________ ,"when pigs fly!". . . LOLBecause they can't afford tickets.No wings, a pesky problem lending itself to the fact that they are mammals.Well, if you believe those who promote evolution...they did! Funny stuff, huh?They don't have wingsNo wings.. . You try and talk a pig into a cannon so you can launch him across the cornfield ~ I don't think you could convince him that it was an exhilarating experience.because it is not in their nature to flycuz they dont have wingsat least God got that one right... imagine tryin to remove piggy poo from your hair!cuz there fatthey dont have wings.gravitythey dont have wings, they're too big, and they cannot grow wings even if they tried.no they dont have wings any way there too fat.PRACTICAL:  Because they do not have wings, and thus do not have enough "lift".. ANALYTICAL: Pigs, like humans, CAN actually fly. You can take your pig to the Airport, buy a ticket or two and heaven behold... You and the pig are flying.. PHILOSOPHICAL: Is it the pig that can't fly, or is it the viewer looking at a pig flying that can't comprehend a pig flying.. CONSULTANT: You want a pig to fly? Sure, no problem.. LAWYER: I put it to you that the pig suffered while flying and thus the owner needs to be compensated.. SOUTH AFRICAN: We can make ANYTHING fly. We just need some paper, wire and glue?. PSYCHIATRIST: Why do YOU think that pigs can't fly?they lost their pilots liscences for drinking on the job
Because you got the right HDMI cables hooked up to your cerebral cortex. Just make sure to set the tone and hew to the correct setting.My dreams occur in regular NTSC first person view.All praise the "high def third person 360' view" dreamer!!!!!. . You're either egocentric, ignorant, or self-gratifying and I can't decide which one. . . You know why I'm saying this.
you do your work. Don't worry about him. There are a lot many like him. You will get rewarded for your loyalty and honesty as you go along.Learn from them and sacrifice your ideals at work.Then you're in for a rough go because that's what is mostly out there.Easy. First, be aware and accept that wherever you work, almost the entire workforce is going to be that way. Manipulative liars and cunning backstabbers. Second, honesty and loyalty actually doesn't pay in today's corporate world. Seriously. Do you know why everyone is such manipulative and political bastards? Well that's what you've got to be if you want to survive. Weak gets eaten by the strong, my friend. GET REAL. If you really can't stomach it, quit your job and live an Amish life.Just do your work. You may listen to him/her but you don't have to follow. If it comes to making a group decision, you say your idea the best way possible so you can convince the others to side with you. Do your work and be productive. You can co-exist without needing to like him or her.well be completely oblivious to it. i've had this before, i just pretend to be some innocent newbie who is oblivious to it all. continue being nice to everyone, and if the big bad wolf insults you or whatever, just let it roll over your head.. . if you don't let him/her see that it affects you, eventually he/she'll give up cos she gets no satisfaction out of it.
Education. It's the only way. To make a change, to fight hatred, we must educate others to not hate."If their hatred does not melt upon contact with your love, then it's simply because your love is not strong enough.". . I think it was a saint who wrote that. He said that hatred is like wax, and love is like fire. Wax will naturally melt, if your fire is strong enough.to fight hatred you have to have the government rule out a good high standard of life.  When all needs of humans are met then hatred will diminish as people begin to live a happy fun lifes filled with prosperity.  Sounds unlikely to me.you first have to learn to hate itYou don't fight against hatred.  Hatred should be countered by modeling more positive behavior.
some people are passive. usually theres one of each in a relationship, not alwaysThey have low self-esteem and are displacing their self-loathing onto the nearest target. Get help!Hi...theirs many people that are agressive.some at the low end,some at the middle,and some at the very high top...It's just who you are,and what your made of...If your mom is very low key and your dad is at the very high top,you have a 50-50 chance of being kind,nice and in control of your emotions' or about to explosed over nothing and jump on the first person he see's....It's a game of luck.....  ClowmyI think because are they jealous or prejudice against you and also It could be they have been bulled and now they want to bully you.Passion is a strong emotion which our minds interpret.  What we're interpreting are biochemical stimuli which are relatively close to the same stimuli for "Fight-or-Flight" stimuli produced by the autonomic nervous system.  How anyone reacts to these stimuli is more a matter of one's personal experiences and/or training.Why not... that is a realy bad questionBecause they are insecure and/or filled with fears. Rather than deal with their own inner worlds/problems, they project the energy of their fear/frustration/feelings of helplessness into aggression.. . The gentle, kind, compassionate, person with a good sense of humor is -- at their core -- much a stronger and healthier person than an aggressive lover.Some are aggressive because they know for a fact that they know whom they are dealing with. How can one be aggressive to someone she/he doesnt know?
People usually tell you they are going to do certain things just to get you out of their way, or just to stop you from bothering them.  But there are also other times that people say they are going to do something and at the last minute they change their mind and decide not to do so.its called a lie, and humans are not perfect, cannot achieve everything possible, making some things that remain to be said un achievable, as we are only humans not godsget used to it. The older you get, the wiser you'll becomeBecause it's better said than done?. . And yes, they're hypocrites.  Or... they like eating their words.Because they're hypocrites.simply they just want to be noticedThere is a saying 'do as i say, not as i do'. people tend to be hippocritical in their actions. some call it giving advice, i call it hippocritical bullshit. meh, its up to you.Cos what we say is led by our head....what we do is led by our heart.. . ...sometimes our head and heart say different things.... . ...its a shame really. lol
You are breaking the first rule of hipsterdom...trying too hard. I would say don't shower for a few days should be your first step.Read "Howl" by Alan Ginsbertg.Gawd, this again!  Just be yourself...You mean a chav?  Don't do that.  Chavs suck
I think the reason that gay men talk differently is because of gender non-conformity.  From an age as young as six months old parents can see female mannerisms in their baby boys.  Therefore, they imitate girls rather than men. They don't do it to be contrarian, it comes naturally to them to act that way from young age.Yes, sometimes they talk in soft way, even softer than how girls do.Some of the homosexual men talk like that because they are more feminine. The rest talk like everybody else.Because,it is a signal of telling that they are "homosexual"they dont thats tv bullshit..they don't try to correct the problem because they like itDoesn't mean anything.  Some men that talk with that accent are straight.  Most gay men talk normal and are no different than your own brother.
psy·chol·o·gism - The explanation or interpretation of events or ideas in psychological terms.Psychologism is the explanation of social phenomena wholly in terms of the mental characteristics of the individuals concerned. Psychologism thus overlooks the economic, social, political, and environmental influences which act on the individual.Study of the fungus behavior.
BULLNo I dont agree religion means hind, cristian,etc.. . I think religion means beleaf in one thing.. . So I think etheism is also a religion.the service and worship of God or the supernatural according to websters dictionaryReligion means re=go back---ligare=join.. It means the process of going back to God.How?The different proiestly orders are supposed to show the congregation how to do that,but in the past,the texts  that are supposed to show such teachings have been falsified,by most "religions",and replaced by wrong,incomplete and opposite teachings,so that we have now a lot of sects fighting for their own understanding of God,causing a lot of harm in the world.In brief,religion should include the respect of all living entities,as much as possible,pure living without intoxications,simple living,notbased on greed and pure sex life-only in marriage,for procreation.From its historical roots it means to practice a set of rules or laws that are not forced, but are self induced for the purpose of attaining to higher character and/or knowledge. Generally to restrain oneself from bad behavior.. . This original meaning has obviously changed to imply: an association of people whose thoughts and understandings you already, to some degree, agree with, whether or not you practice them...It means re-connecting yourself to the universe.A system of beliefs which structure the cornerstones of life into a predictable, managable pattern. Usually includes a diety.
the guys that you are meeting are not on your level, and afraid you figured out their BS, keep trying, your man is out there. don't lower your standards.An intelligent woman to me is a blessing from God.Most men are insecure when they confront an attractive woman with brains because it's a blow to their fragile egos.A stupid, attractive woman is preferable to them.But who wants to have an attractive woman on a date when she can't even hold a simple conversation.. I love sparring with an intelligent woman because we can learn from each other and it makes the relationship fun.We're not frightened, just intimidated.  We're used to having to impress women with high-powered jobs, flashy cars, and the like.  The intelligent woman can see right through all that flash.. . We're also bothered by the possibility of appearing stupid.  No man wants to be one-upped by another man, much less by his own date.. . Finally, it could be the men you associate with.  Maybe you should look elswhere.  Good luck in your search.All that going for you and apparently you aren't dating the right men. Or perhaps it is something else. . .you see a lot of intelligent men ending up with stupid women but you rarely see an intelligent woman ending up with a dumb man. so the odds are in your favor? maybe. it also happens that a lot of intelligent women end up aloneyes, if you want a self centered narrow minded fool for a man, no, if you want an interesting and stimulating man.. most guys actually like intelligent ladies.I think men are turned on by intelligent women.na.  give me your number, i'm not scared of you...Male ego can be fragile at times.  I solved the problem by grabbing myself an intelligent guy.  Don't EVER hide your intelligence, and don't ever settle for someone who is intimadated by you; they're not worth it.Because they are better than them and they could be the man of the house and the protector instead of you and there will be no use for you at all.  Hope this helps.Read Nelson and pelota's answers carefully, several times and without prejudice. Apparently, some ot the others didn't even read the details. Good luck.No, be you. the right match will appreciate you for you. you dont want a weak insecure mateI have NEVER had to ACT stupid to get/keep/love a man.  And I consider myself....well pretty damn smart.  I also am not choosy in the looks department...BUT I am choosy in the "intelligence" department.  . . I would rather roll over in bed and smile softly at at a crooked nose and drooling mouth...knowing that when he wakes up he is going to make me laugh and think and then laugh and think and then make love and laugh and think....LMAO.. . My intelligence ALSO is quite a turn on.....I use it too its fullest potential.  I don't think men are frightened of your intelligence.....perhaps you are just targeting the wrong crowd.  Hey and look around....alot of times the one you least expect to amaze you...will.So, what you're asking is, "Why am I alone?"  That's a very different question than why are men scared of intelligent women.  The question you posted is actually kind of sexist and argumentative.  I'm a man and have no fear of a woman who is my equal/better in any way.  It could have more to do with your manner of expression than what you have to express...and MISOGINISM lives on!!!. . they just like to be in-charge!,. if they are not able or capable of doing that. -they get pissed off and move to the next(airheaded). . simple.Insecurity!
65 is the age to be officially a Senior citizen as far as the US government is concerned.  But as far as AARP is concerned 50 is the minimum age requirment to join their organization.  AARP is the American Association of Retired People.65AARP gets members at 50. Most stores allow discount at 62. . I think senior citizen is anyone who has accomplished much. .  Good Luck and God Bless!!65 years old.65 is the standard for senior citezenry <sp?>
fashionIn style.  In fashion.  Like Chloe Sevigny - she keeps up with artistic fashion trends of the current time and can always be seen at the best fashion shows.The prevailing fashion, practice, or style: Hoop skirts were once the vogue. . Popular acceptance or favor; popularity: a party game no longer in vogue.
in the 60s i lived in a house full of Nigerians ,i was the only white person in the house i shared a kitchen and a bathroom with them ,and all were very kind to me, i went to all their christenings and a lovely couple used to take my son to church with them ,  they in all their nigerian finary holding the hand of a little white boy . so all i can say is , there are good and bad in all races but i found Nigerians to be good christian people .i don't, so not everyone thinks that...I think it is because whenever anyone outside of Nigeria hears about Nigeria it is about a corrupt politicians or Islamic violence or something along those lines.  People tend to overgeneralize based on news stories especially when they haven't met people from that region. I personally have like the Nigerians I have met but I agree that the world usually has a negative outlook on them.They were the africans who sold other africans into slavery.I don't know any Nigerians, but you never hear of anything good about Nigeria, so many people are probably prejudiced by that.  Why would anyone want to go to Nigeria?  What is good about the country as a whole...there always seems to be so much poverty and strife.
Supply and Demand.  Plenty of supply & low demand: lower prices.  Rare stuff & high demand: high prices. Buy, Buy, Buy!  Can't get enough!all the economic activity is focused on the consumer's satisfaction. e.g. a product might be bad, but if the consumer likes it then it is high qualitied. the nowadays economy is a consumer-orientied economy.consumer theory relates to how a consumer (any person like u and me) spends, buys products, acheives satisfaction (utility) and equilibriunm in a market. it is an important branch of microeconomics.. important concepts in it are the law of demand, the law of diminishing marginal utility, etc
It could be an island in . Thailand or southern rock music.It's an acronym.  It stands for Lehigh & Northampton (Pennsylvania) Transportation Authority or for Landscape Alberta Nursery Trades Association .As in "ATlanta"? It's the capital of Georgia, USA.It means dung in Finnish.. Associated with sh*t.
i think like been practised in Malaysia,: a) king as the head of state, prime minister as the head of government,   b)king as a symbol, pm play the role of governing the nation. i think UK also the sameone that supports the government of a country rather than running it. It means the monarch is the head of state and is the figurehead of the nation but has no say in the decision making.. Queen Elizabeth is constitutional monarch.
we humans have sexual nerve endings there. let's not discuss this, though. if you look it up on the web you'll get a lot of porn, i'm sure.i dont know what u r asking but is sounds ****ing stupid and u may really think before u typeBecause your head is in your @ss.Well, you picked my answer number 1 last time :0) I'd certainly like to help!!! Hopefully you live near Alberta Canada HAHA..You have a fetish for dogs.great english, nice usage of the language............ it's funny you wont write "cum" but the rest of what you did write is OK with you!Not even a question! And a tongue across your anus while a cute visual is not the venue here.Time And Place! Just a thought.what the f*** r u talking bout? and i think u need to ask urself that lol
Beautiful mean symmetry. That stands for health, good genes. Is all about a need and an instinct to have the healthiest off springs. Is the men's way to choose a good healthy woman to give birth to the children. Is deep inside, in instincts. Is natural selection, after thousands of years, only the healthy and beautiful people were more likely to procreate. And it always depend on culture, education and society.Well, here's my theory (which should get me a Nobel Prize, don't worry):. . Men feel the genetic urge to reproduce the physical beauty of a beautiful woman. In other words, there is something deep inside of man that drives him toward beautiful female specimens. Upon sight, this genetic urge is expressed biologically and physiologically and, in fact, is so powerful that it often takes over the brain functions of the poor male.. . This is why men often don't know what to say when they meet a beautiful woman.. . I'm not saying men want to copulate with every single beautiful female in the vicinity.. . I'm just saying that nature (or more likely God) has devised an ingenious scheme for making sure that the generation of beautiful offspring from beautiful females is given priority.as a man i also like better englishwhy noti think men have a lot of male pride against one another. i suppose having a pretty girl on your arm does make them look good (Or this is what they think) just as it looks good if they earn a lot of money, are physically strong or drive a nice car.NOT ALWAYS. TO GUYS, IT'S ALWAYS ABOUT IMPRESSING THEIR FRIENDS, AND PEOPLE THEY ARE AROUND (NO USE).  TO ME A BEAUTIFUL GIRL, IS MY PERCEPTION.  THERE ARE CERTAIN FEATURES THAT I LIKE. IT'S NOT ALWAYS PHYSICAL. A LOT OF THE TIME( FOR ME) IT'S PERSONALITY. CAN SHE MAKE ME LAUGH, CAN SHE MAKE ME SMILE,  CAN SHE MAKE ME THINK ABOUT HER WHEN SHE'S NOT AROUND.  AND MOST OF ALL DOES SHE MAKE ME HAPPY.  WELL THAT IS WHAT MATTERS TO ME.I'd say that until u don't have a personality then ur good looks are just as useful as a wheelchair which is pedal driven(sorry for the harsh criticism but thats the way it is). Lotza Love. NickWhoever or whatever set up life on earth payed a lot of attention to making sure that the human race would propagate and also that the best features of humans would prevail genetically. Men were made so that they would seek the most desirable women and women were made so they would encourage the most desirable man (or men). Thus there is always a competition and the best features of both sides tend to get preserved into the next generation (survival of the fittest). But wait. What may not have been foreseen is that the best genes for external beauty also sometimes coincide with those for intelligence and feeling. To some men, therefore, the most beautiful girl is not the one with surface beauty but the one with the most beautiful inner feelings, or the one with the most thinking power. So things have gotten all mixed up and here we are today with all kinds of genes being preserved into future generations. All men are moved by physical beauty but it is frequently not the deciding factor in what girl they pursue. Yes, men like a beautiful girl, but beauty may be internal or external. As someone has observed, "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."Because... guys are to shallow now-a-days to care about personality >_<Its naturethats male instincts!Well, I think FOXY86 was the closest to nailing it on the head. Let me ask all of you: why does man like Porsche; why does man like big house? Men like beautiful women simply because God built us that way. Some of us have different tastes however. Some like the full-figured woman; some like the blonde; some like the brunett. As a man you are not shallow because you want a beautiful woman. You are shallow because you think her beauty and the sex you avail yourself to solidifies your value. Furthermore women need to see their God given beauty as a gift.. . I encourage all who read this to go to my 360 page and read up on more interesting topics in my blogs. http://360.yahoo.com/ngfl7 Good day and God Bless all of you!to have sex and to show off to their friends. sadlyTV, thats the simple answer, men have been programed through years and years of constantly watchin TV and reading magizines/ comics that in order to be happy they can only like girls with the tiny waist, big boobs, and blond hair. My question... why do we femails try to be that girl for a guy we wont ever see again???
Leaders lead, bosses boss.. . Leaders pull, bosses push.. . Basically (and this is just my opinion), leaders give direction and control (as in "lead")while bosses push for a result looking at the outputs only.. . Just my thought for the morning  :-)Dear Friend. . there is just a big different between a Boss and a LEADER!. . Boss shows u the way and Force you to go on it!. Leader shows u the way and Countenance you to go on it!. . and also a leader will give you all of his/her information but a boss will not do it!. . but as i said, the most difference between them is sense of Force.. . a leader has Caddying with you but a boss has not!. . in some jobs it is very important to be a LEADER, like Network Marketing.. . have a nice day/night. . byeAbility!Leaders might not have much power  but they can still be in charge of something. Bosses can be the same as leaders sometimes, or they could simply have power over others in different ways.Leaders are of a body spirit that is usually much higher in vibration allowing them to have a higher level of insight and strenght to change and make ways for those lesser beings living within their time.  They care about those and any others who will come after them.  Bosses on the otherhand, well they like to control and instruct seeing people look up to them and do what ever is instructed.  Bosses can be victims to power which controls them.  Leaders usually control power and make it work for them. Bosses can suffer from power control to the point that they need to feed its desire to justerfy their position by making rules and instructions without a need.  Leaders are great, bosses whould like to be.The basic distinction between being a boss and being a leader is in the reason people follow your instructions.A boss is bestowed his/her authority by virtue of a specific designation or position in a formal instituition or society while leaders draw their power from within and in their ability to convince others of the validity of his/her ability to lead.Leaders are found among ourselves..its that little boy who takes the first step towards the house with the grumpy old maid on halloween, in the little girl who volunteers to carry the picnick basket on the school field trip..     Bosses are often made out to be ignorant taskmasters but atleast some I have met have been good leaders too.Bosses are there to lay down the framework for a smooth working atmosphere.Bosses can be divided into three based on their ability to lead and their response to someone else with leadership ability among his charges.The First type of boss is the inept leader who firmly refuses anyone else to lead either.This is a typical catch 22 situation as the entire unit deprived of a leader becomes disoriented and disintegrates.The second type of Boss is the 'Inept supporter'.He knows how to delegate responsibility to subordinates better suited for the task but can never be looked up to for any leadership tasks.The third boss is the 'Leader controller'.He takes an active part in the activities of the group.The leader controller may be a bane if he suppresses anyone else with leadership quallities in the group.. . In summary leaders among bosses are few.Bossing over leaders is harder still
Opposites attract! well, he is probably her first boyfriend and she is having fun secretively.I wouldn't say this is a rebellious behaviour as she is being 'secretive' about it.She is just going through teenage and nothing else!. Well, maybe if you had asked her out first, she would have gone out with you, she was missing a boyfriend as probably all her friends already have one!You can wait till she is 17 though, she might get more mature and see you as someone more compatible or just ask her out when she has had a fight with this new guy;)Well, yes--could be rebellion.Could be a sense of confusion born of being stuck in between two cultures that are so radically different. . Whatever the case, if you do like her, you shouldnt be spying on her, you know.I know an Indian girl whos parents are very strict about who she should go out with. They want her to have an arranged marriage.. . Her sister married an Indian guy who was of a different religion. The parents didn't approve or go to the wedding.. . I think this girl probably faces similar pressures. If you like her, the best thing you can do is start by being her friend. Talk to her.. . Good luck, it might all work out for you both.she probably had enough of her parents strict ways and is trying to figure out how to be an normal teenage girl and a good indian girl without nither sides colliding its like living in two seperate lives.try to understand that she probably loves her parents and doesnt want to hurt thier feelings by rebelling and letting them know about it so she does all this behind thier back.if u really like her then talk to her shes probably shy or just plain quite and doesnt talk much be her friend and let her really trust you more then her other friends maybe then she will confide to you about wat shes up 2 this might actually make you have a closer relationship with her. hope this helps.
Eggs are actually a pagan symbol used at Ostara which is the celebration of the Spring of Vernal Equinox.  Ostara (kinda sounds like Easter, huh?) is a celebration of earth's (or the Goddess') rebirth as Winter ends and Spring brings new life.  Eggs have been used as a symbol of new life for this holiday long before the Christian Easter, but like so many other Pagan rites it has been adopted into Christian ideology.It is said that while Jesus was on the cross, under the cross was a basket with eggs and some of Jesus blood got on those eggs. That`s why we paint the eggs every Easter, only on Easter.I agree that it came from pagan holiday. The catholic church incorporated many pagan holidays and practices in order to get more people to convert.. . It is used now as a symbol of new life and new beginnings. With Jesus being resurrected from the dead we also will have new life in him.
-p-u-s-s-y-  p-o-w-e-r-       :)negative man power. Look at it this way:. 1) men get drained. 2) men get confused trying to demystify women power.. 3) men r ultimately 'bastards' after doing everything for them.liberated workforce"Manpower" is a general term.  Women make up part of the workforce, AND we have babies.  So, "Womanpower" = workforce + having babies.  We pull a double-duty.  Thx for the recognition!  :DWOMANPOWER = In a woman, the moral courage and self-respect to read the rather childish responses to this frivolous question, yet be able to say, "Oh well, they don't represent the point of view of most Americans.  Women outnumber men in American universities, women hold nearly half the top jobs in Fortune 500 companies, and women STILL can have babies if they choose.  It's kinda fun being a woman."Womanforce is the driving power behind the manpower. When was the last time you mother or wife told you to. a. get a job. or. b. find better jobBehind every great man there's a great woman so I guess that's the womanpower.taking care of the house,kids,cooking ,cleaning,nurse,and still being able to keep her sanity.boost to the workforceOi!. I'm insulted.. So do you know the answer?. But I think when they say man power...maybe they meant human power.... Who's they anyways.. Woman power mights be for "fertility"...and I still odn't know what that word means.. Or maybe for "motherhood".. I don't know!. Ask your mom!"ceasing manpower"to clean the house better than any man.if manpower stands for 'workforce' then  'womanpower' stands for 'workingforce'. . . simplified and easy my friend.WOMANPOWER IS THE POWER THAT KEEPS MANPOWER GOING!
He owns over 7 hundred million share of Microsoft. He also has financial interest in over 100 other companies. His net worth changes from day to day by 10's of millions because of stock fluctuations.. . His worth at this time is around 54 billion dollars.Because he knows what he is doing.Because he changed the way we communicate.Are you using Microsoft as we speak?i agree with Liza.you really don't know?. he is not really a genius or something like that.. he just used his times and made decisions.. thas allaren't all those women sorry who ignored a geeky kid...lolbecause when it comes to stealing other peoples work. and taking all the profits. well no one is a better thief!. . before you think I'm being to harsh. look into why MS can no longer use Jscript!The guy asked a simple question, and he deserves a simple answer...Bill Gates is the richest man in the world because he has more money and assets than anyone else in the world. The question did not ask how he got his money, was he a theif, does he have a conscience, or is he a geek...it asked why he is the richest man of the world.Because he convinced all computer manufacturer that having  Microsoft windows will make buyer like you and i buy their products even apple is convinced.He's a brilliant, conniving mastermind.. My hero <3because he makes more then everyone elseBecause he has the most assetshi
Because all the money gone to those politicians.  People have no money left to buy a gun !I think you might want to specify which country you are referring to. . Also 'shooting' might be too much to say.. Also if you are referring to the US, a lot of politicians are corrupt, not just indians.While they're at it have at our corrupt American politicians!kill them??? Oh, I'm planning on it!!!u have to corupt some1 to shoot them....Hello? Bodyguards? These people aren't strolling around in public in the streets of Bombay, without any protection. Anyway, who in India has a gun? Nobody except the goons. The goons will not be waiting around on random streets to kill some stupid politician.. Good grief. Think about it.it takes timeThey will.
LOL. You need to go back to your kintergarden class. Your spelling is ...synful. LOLu need a very strong determination for itStart with your spelling:)Yep, First go to school and learn how to read and write. Once this is accomplished then you can go out and get a job. If you work hard enough you can expect that you will climb the ladder so to speak. This being you'll eventually get to management level and you can be considered a success.Spelling yes. But look at Richard Branson! Hes a multi million/billionaire and he's dyslexic! So it aint everything! I think that a lot of it is confidence, risk taking, your contacts and a lot of hard work. If you have all four, then you'll do well in life, and you'll be successfulMy tip would be to always use spell check.think about it how to be successful?  all you have to do is pick goal succeed in those goals and then be happy if you want to be successful pick me for the best answerfirst u gotta now how to spell successfuljump off a bridge... immidiately.Know what gifts you have to help others, and do that.  To be successful you need to be positively consequential in the lives of others.get a great ideea and make a patttend
Oh, yeah, they love their pint. Don't forget they were quite a seafaring nation. You need all your Dutch courage to cross the ocean with no accurate maps and a broken sextant."Dutch" is often confused with "Deutsche" (German); as in Deutsche marks (currency).>are the dutch particularly prone: . No.  It's merely an early example of discriminatory stereotyping.no they are not but the English had a lot of wars with Holland about 4 ,and anything out of the ordinary was called dutch.And it started around the 16th century.. .  going dutch meant the woman pays half of the restaurant bill,dutch uncle was a friend of the family who was like an uncle to the kids ,but he was not a real uncle.. dutch courage was courage ,but it was not real courage because the alcohol helped.. to light a sigarret with another one is called a dutch f*ck. . it had nothing to do with the Dutch people ,but was language used in England only.. the dutch are hardly aware that these frases exist.The Dutch were at war with Spain. England formed an alliance with the Dutch. The soldiers were introduced to the Dutch made alcoholic beverage gin, which was distributed to the troops before they went into the lines, and the soldiers who survived the campaign brought the drink back to England and the name Dutch Courage was coined.
in india there is a creed called punjabis or commonly known as sardars . . for *ussy they use the word "fuddi"Vagina is called fuddi in Punjabi Language
Confidence comes from believing in yourself. I think in order to believe in yourself, you have to give yourself positive thinking. For example, tell yourself, you are intelligent, you are honest, etc. and soon you will believe it yourself.Believe in yourselfyou can't make confidence. You can gain it from experience. Increases in self esteem can help. Recognize that you have value and that there is something unique about you. Experiment with different activities and you will find hidden talents. Everyone has them. That may help increase your confidence. Good Luck and Best Wishes.Read Freckle Juice by Judy Blumewell just believe in yourself and believe you can reach your goal when time comes, ho nose maybe youll even become famousstop caring about what people think about you.
(m). . BPO or business process outsourcing refers to the increasing trend of relocating entire business functions to either self-owned or third-party service providers, typically in low-cost locations.BPO - Businhesws Process Outsourcing. BPO is a term that has evolved over the years, and each time it evolves further, its definition has changed. Some people have not kept up with its evolution and, therefore, refer from time to time to old definitions or descriptions of BPO.BPO, the supplier not only takes on the responsibility to take over the function or business process, but it also reengineers the way it is done. That will include either putting in new technology to accomplish the process, or applying the existing technology in a new way to improve the process. In BPO, something about the way the process is currently being done gets fundamentally changed. Often it involves taking into consideration how a particular process in the buyer's company affects and interacts with other departments and functions in the company. BPO often increases a company's shareholder value.BPO = "business process outsourcing".BPO stands for Business Process Outsourcing. Some companies mainly automobile companies prefer to outsource certain activities as producing somthing, say a car, u need 2 produce the raw materials for making a car which wud require a huge colossal amount. Instead they outsource it, which means they will lend that activity to someother companies which established in producing it. Doing this will make production faster,easier and cheaper.
Body Language & Speaking greatly affect group communication, assuming people are listening & being attentive to each other.  It's amazing how much we nonverbally express to anyone all the time.  Even our words & the tone of voice we use affect what we are saying.different cultures have different forms of verbal and non verbal example . the word slang nigger is something that white person would not say in mized ethic groups however african americans might feel comfortable using that word in communication with other african americansWhen "Le Crowd" is trampling over you it doesn't matter what they are saying - it's irrelevant :)
Raise above it all, difficult i know but you'll feel better about ur self and thats all that counts.. if you retaliate its bound to be a much bigger consequence for your actions/words.. good luck in ten years u'll laugh at the time u put into this and how not worth it she was.. Move on honey be honest with her tell her exactly how u feel and walk away.Would you honestly want a friend who talked about you behind your back and just pretended to like you? I dont think so.... . Just let her be...Tell her what you feel and just let things flow...Dont retaliate as you will most likely make things worse...Be decent and dont let any bad crap affect you.... . Good luck though!
Well geriatrics is relating to diseases and conditions specific of the elderly isnt it?  Psychology is the study of behaviour in people (and sometimes animals) so a psychologist would look at what the effects of these conditions are on the behaviour of the person who has them.  The first answer gives some really good examples of conditions that would be of interest to psychologists.  All the best!Dementia, Alzheimer's, Behavior Modification, Pychotropic Medications I could go on and on.Geropsychology is a specialty in psychology. It looks at how psych disorders affect people in their older years, specific conditions common in the geriatric population, such as dementia, caregiving issues, grief and loss, and end-of-life issues. Since there are so many more older people, it's a growing field.
The Easter bunny has its origin in pre-Christian fertility lore. Historically, the rabbit, hare, and eggs in folklore have their basis as pagan fertility symbols, signifying Spring and new life, and the worship of the goddess Eostre or Eastre (usually shown with the rabbit as her symbolic animal). To entertain a child, the goddess turned her favorite bird into a hare, which immediately laid colorful eggs.. . When the Christians moved into the pagan's territories, they decided that the custom of coloring eggs was not harmful and adapted it to their own festivities.to make them look pretty, like christmas trees and birthday cake- God invented colour after all, so why not?
what's "dreaest"?. . any betrayal deserves an explanation.  Let him/her explain and if you don't like the explanation or you think it's just a load of crap, dump the dude.it depends on what he did, and what u can endure. if u can't, i advice u change ur location and stay away from him.U mean "dearest". Anyway, if such a thing happens in life, you should not regret it. Just take it that you were wrong in judging you best friend and the one whom you considered you "dearest dude" was worth not even your few seconds!!he probably betrayed you because you cannot speak or spell in proper english.. . Maybe he's embarrassedlet him or her explain themselves and just hear them out...but don become friends with him or her again b/c they weren"t your friend to begin with if they betrayed you.friends don't betray friends.....true friends that isAlways hear him out first, then u can decide from there. How you handle it depends on how much you care about the person.
still, as in 'still here?" <- 'encore ici?'. yet, as in 'not yet' <- 'pas encore'. more / again, as in 'more, please' <- 'encore, s'il vous plait'Yet, or still. Depending on the sentence.againmoreencore in french means still.i believe that 'encore' means AGAIN. that's why at the end of a show they say 'enocre, encore'. well that's what my french teacher told me anyway.In french encore means - still.once more.do it again, repeat
Look in the Bible. Specfically Paul's letters. "Children obey your parents, wives obey your husbands, slaves obey your masters." If that's not misogyny, I don't know what is.Look no further then Muslim fundamentalism--the Taliban in all its "glory".I'm not sure if classic means old or if it means typical in this case, but I like old stuff, so here's one.  I think Chaucer's Canterbury Tales are the best study going on the effects of misogyny on culture.  Particularly, the Wife of Bath's Prologue and Tale provide interesting examples of how women are treated in a patriarchal culture as well as providing a range of responses for the way women can act in that kind of culture (in her case, the Wife simply adopts the discourse to her own ends so that she can behave how she chooses).  Elsewhere in Chaucer, we see abusive spouses (Walter and Griselda) and even murderous ones (Manciple's Tale).
They are doing a job, and hope to get a pay check, so they won't have to have a social worker come visit them.Mainly the role of social workers in Canada is to evaluate people and their conditions in order to determine whether  prospective clients qualify for government aide and to what extent they are qualified to receive government funding.To ensure that everyone and especially have the minimum to live be it, shelter, food or financial assistance. People find themselves in all sorts of dreadful situations for a variety of reasons, quite often the situation can be so overwhelming that the person can see a solution, trained social workers can clearly see options to assist people get back on their feet again.
Laughter is the best medicine ... fake it at first ... practice smiling at yourself in the mirror of a minute here and there ... then laugh.Get over yourself and realize that the whole world isn't supposed to revolve around you. People ignore you, not because you're not important, but because they've got their own problems. . . Toughen up and take control of your life.Depends on what you are depressed about.  Drugs are OK for a short time. Of course you need to discuss with your family doctor.  Believe me they have heard it all and you should not feel embarrassed.  Everyone sees things differently and no one can feel the pain that you are going through, but other people have been there and things always get better. You have to figure out why you are depressed and try to figure out how to fix them. Good friends, counseling, exercise are all good to help cope.Well, automatically, you no it's not good, and definately not healthy to keep your feelings bottled up inside. When you are angry, frustrated or sad, you need to vent. I would talk to my parents, best friend, pschiatrist or just about anyone who'd listen. If you seek professional help, they will give you anti-depressants to help you deal with your depression. Also try talking to God. He always there to listen no matter what. Just like the good book say, throw all your troubles on him. I would also look into support groups. They also have them on the internet.I'm not an expert, but I would view depression as a personal choice that I refuse to make.To deal with depression you must first contact your doctor. He'll probably give you a list of therapists that he reccomends; if he doesn't, ask him to. . . My personal experience went something like this:. . I had an anxiety attack and was admitted into a psychiatric hospital. They gave me Zoloft (I can't remember the exact dosage) to handle my depression and I talked to therapists, and was out in two weeks. Afterwards I had weekly sessions with my therapist, and was weaned off of the Zoloft.. . Depression is a disease, essentially. It's a chemical imbalance in the brain that is entirely unnatural and, in many cases, must be corrected with with medication.Go out take a short break will help you ease the depression1) Go for a vacation. 2) talk to someone you trust. 3) Shout to the toilet then flush...LOL. 4) Laugh as often as you can. 5) Think people don't understand you for now. . Hope those tips can help.I think that if you are depressed, you need to find out what it is that is making you feel this way.  For example what are the things in your life that make you unhappy?  Often when we feel depressed, it begins with one thing getting us down and pretty soon we find that we are looking at the negative aspects of everything, we lose all belief in our self-worth and take little mishaps as major travesties.  Before it gets to that stage you need to decide if there are things in your life that you are unhappy about, if so can they be changed for the better?  Can you talk to people about them for help in making these things better?  Trying to focus on more positive happenings rather than negative things can help too.  However, depression is often as much biological as it is environmental so if you find that nothing you do helps you feel better try contacting a doctor for advice.  Exercise is also excellent at lifting the mood and any good doctor will suggest that plus other natural solutions before prescribing medication. All the best.See a psychiatrist. Don't seek help on Yahoo answers.Depression is something alot of us experience. Sometimes its best to find someone you can truly talk to or talk with your doctor. Sometimes just changing you environment and doing something fun can help.look at it like this, stop being f~ sad all the dang time, so what if your sad every ones sad now and then, look either you can rise above it or sink bellow it if you sink you may be taking your friends along with you, and thats not a good thing not to menttion you wont have a good futureFirst you need to accept the fact that you are depressed then just take it step by step. Please dont take man-made drugs for it.That wont help at all since they are so bad for you. Try to find a natural alternative to deal with it so it dosent harm your body.Get a good counselor and when the bad days hit, crawl in bed and stay there!Depression usually starts from stress. It may also start when we face with the things that we cannot do. If I get depression, I feel so lonely that I even want to die. So, if you get depression, you should talk to a person who would make you to happy and encourage you. Don't stay alone!First remember that depression is a normal human feeling that has a beginning a middle and an end. If it lingers on in your life and begins to interfere in more serious ways then you should week more professional help.medication.  it works.  counseling  it work too
" A humble person is generally thought to be unpretentious and modest: someone who does not think that he or she is better or more important than others...In essence, humility is obviously not thinking highly of yourself nor is it thinking lowly of yourself. For both of these are pride. Humility is simply not thinking of yourself at all." <1>. . People need to humble themselves to remove pride, envy, gluttony, slothiness, vanity, greed, lust, avarice, and wrath. For example, when people are overly "Prideful" is when they invoke envy on the people around them.  Say a person buys a Ferrari and is boastful to his neighborhood that they have this Ferrari.  This will lead to the people around them to try and get <earn, steel, or damage> what they have <envy>.  Should they accomplish this then the owner of the Ferrari may lash back to get revenge <wrath>.  If however, the Ferrari owner was not prideful and shared their Ferrari with the neighbors, then this whole dramatic show would have been avoided.No individual needs to be humble.  Humility is not even a goal.. . Humility is a process and a result.  It is considered a positive trait (as opposed to arrogance).  People with wisdom as as well as intelligence tend to be humble.  Those lacking either wisdom or intelligence tend to be arrogant.You do not need to be humble,this is a ploy by weak minded people to get motivated people to stop making them look bad.The world has changed so much especially in the US that a motivated person with talent is not liked for that reason alone set aside the fact that they mention it at all.People,mostly women will say you are a show off or are bragging weather you are or not so I believe you should be your best and forget the humble crap or the next thing they will want is for you to be submissive,that's already started.Most people have very little to offer I see it in there answers it all comes down to jealousy Excel RICK,Good Luck!!!!!!!!!!!You should accept your downfalls and swallow your pride and open up to the point where you know you are true to yourself.because Jesus was humble and we are to walk in his footstepsHumility shows that you know what an essentially (and I do mean 'essentially') pointless reality you 'enjoy'.  If you think you're big, clever and intteresting, but the Universe or less doesn't even flinch, perhaps humility is the way to go.  If you KNOW you're 'special', well, that's another matter entirely...Depends on what you mean by being humble. You don't want to be abnoxious, but you also need to not sell yourself short. For example, I'm turned off by a guy who can talk about nothing but himself and will never admit when he is wrong, but I'm greatly attracted to someone who is confident. Sometimes you should blow your own horn! If you truly did something that was great don't try to hide it. I guess it comes down to having a realistic view of yourself, of your strengths and your shortcomings--and being honest with other people about that.because no one likes some who brags and is rudeBecause no one likes to hear someone brag, except them. Being humble usually makes people like you more.Being humble is a reflection of realizing what we do recieve and earn in life is not as important as being the kind of person we want to be. Be kind to your fellow man and your family. Having a tramatic situation in life usually leads to someone being humble.Ya don't hafta be!  Welth and properity is AWSOME!!!  Amerrca's the GREATEST nation in the WORLD!    With the GREATEST leader, too, heh heh.so that he maybe successful in the future. humbleness is a quality someone really needs. with it u must be hardworking,patient,sincere,polite and many other good qualities. this will make u very successful in hte futureIn my opinion to be a little humble is good for your life. Some people need to be humble so they can get a different kind of attention.So people would say "Look he&#92;she's so humble.",  but that's only a mask in most cases, of course there are exceptions and those peoples are sincer. How we say in Romania " The exception that confirms the rule!"Pride comes before the fall. Being gracious increases your sphere of positive influence, See Oprah,Gandhi,etc...You don't. You can be as arogant as you want.  Look at Donald Trump.you don't have to do anythingA mother in law that tells you what to do, what needs to be done and how nothing is quite good enough.because its not possible to know everything, and you can learn a lot from people that you interact everyday....Why hmm.. just coz.because by being arrogant, ur telling people that ur empty inside. . . and being humble is in the bibleIt keeps things in perspective.  Overblown egos shut out light.Karma....failure to be humble will always get you in the long run. I have even seen instantaneous karma in action.....
It's a term for those who sympathized with Communism, but were not quite Communists themselves.  Communism's color was red for revolution, so a sympathizer was pink--thus, "pinko".it's a slang term for a communist'pinko' is the old term for a communist-as in 'red?'"Pinko" is a slang term for someone who is sympathetic to a Communist party or organization.it's used in relation to communists.
What is the Stomata?. . Stomata are microscopic pores found on the under side of leaves. You will find the stomata in the epidermal tissue. The stomata is bounded by two half moon shaped guard cells that function to vary the width of the pore. Each guard cell contains chloroplasts. The glucose concentration of the the cells changes with the photosynthetic activity and therefore it is the guard cells that regulate the opening and closing of the stoma. . . Why do plants have a Stomata?. . Plants carry on the process of photosynthesis by combining together several ingredients in their leaves. Some of these materials are gaseous( carbon dioxide), some are liquid ( water ), and one is energy ( sunlight ). If one were to look at the anatomy of a leaf, it would be easy to see how these materials are brought to the leaf so that they can form the food. The stomata is the way in which this transfer of ingredients can occur, transferring the CO2, light and water from the surrounding atmosphere in to the plant. . . In light the guard cells swell, causing the pore to be at its widest, and CO2 diffuses into the leaf and into the cells to be assimilated in photosynthesis. In the dark or under drought conditions the guard cells are not turgid, the stomata are closed and no photosynthesis takes place. Opening of the stomata not only allows CO2 to diffuse into the leaf, but allows water vapor to diffuse out of the leaf. The alteration in the size of the stomata occur in response to a variety of the external stimuli such as light, carbon dioxide concentration and water. . . The stomata is situated on the underside of the leaf for the reason that if it were on the top side the plant would lose to much water. Because the guard cells are partially light activated, plants under direct sunlight would constantly have their stomata open and would thus lose much water and the plant dying. . . . Stomata under microscope. . taken from http://www.microscopy-uk.org.uk/mag/articles/stomata.html. . Diagram of stomata. . taken from http://www.puc.edu/Faculty/Gilbert_Muth/art0077.jpgWell, the stoma has two meanings.  Either deriving from plants or humans.  A stoma for a plant is a minute epidermal pore in a leaf or stem through which gases and water vapor can pass.  A stoma in the human body is a mouth or mouthlike opening (especially one created by surgery on the surface of the body to create an opening to an internal organ)The stoma is simply a surgical opening into the body.  People can have stomas in their throat that goes directly into the trachea for breathing tubes.  Another common stoma placement is in the abdomen for feeding tubes.Stoma is the singular form for STOMATA which is a tiny opening pore found mostly on teh undersurface of a plant leaf, used for gas exchange. the gases viz; O2 and CO2 are used for photosynthesis
what are you afraid of?are you just comfortable being on your own or you are ill? maybe it's part of groowing up but being anti social is not so nice. mix with people even if ur the quiet type.do crowds make you nervous? do you think everyone is staring at you, or giving you dirty looks? would you rather not go out?? see a mental health counsler. good luck!If you suffer from social phobia, you probably get really nervous before speaking in front of strangers. You might get really uptight walking in a busy mall or become short of breath. You probably dislike Walmart and other really busy stores and find you do your shopping in smaller, less busy places.see a doctorYou avoid PPL and spend too much time in front of a VDU. If you mean that you are a social phobic that is, not a psychopath, that is much different. Watch the Sopranos to see what a psychopath is. Get out more.Well, well... This is not the place to get this problem answered. You better get your phone book and call the closest psychiatrist for an appointment. We may cause you more trouble than you already have.
Ouch...that is tough. Your hubby obviously took what her dying husband asked him to do to heart. Seems to me his wife's feeling should come first though. Tell him how he is hurting you...tell her to grow up and take care of herself,and to leave your family alone.Your husband made a promise to take care of her.  He will hold that up.  Instead of fighting that, support him.  Then find out if together you can find ways to really help and take care of her - like confront, support, etc, her to stop drinking.  Real help instead of just bailing out.  That might do more than the fighting, irritations, and all you have now.  She was your best friend, and she lost her husband.  Can you try to really be a friend, but not just sit by and do nothing while she destroys herself?This must be very difficult to accept. I don't know you but I feel the sting even as I sit scripting my response. Your husband took a vow when you and he were married, as did you; I am assuming. This vow reflects well on both of you as you maintain it. It's part of who you are now, and it then must be a part of him. You honour each other in this, it is one of the truly great expressions of love that only couples can share. Should your husband recant on the vow that he took upon the deathbed of the deceased then this would lessen him, in his own eyes; and if you consider it possibly in yours. The thin edge of the wedge opens even the strongest armor. I live with much that I will not burden you with in this time of your distress. I will share a thought however, as this is no question another can advise upon. What can not be changed must be endured, if you want peace; you must accept what is. If you can overlook the faults of another as they offend you, you no longer feel offended; then you are free of a debt you do not owe. This is hard, I have done it; but it's not a quick fix. Time washes the hurt out of all things if this is applied, it is universal to us all; but it is not easy. My best wishes for your deliverance of a difficult circumstance fly to you, I hope you can deliver yourself from this state.She is a Dead Beat. You are Right. Do Away with Her Friendship, If You can Call It That.You have to put your foot down and be assertive. Obviously she's in emotional pain over her husband's death, and your husband feels obligated. Don't avoid her. This will only rev her engine. Try annoying her until she sees you as a pest and will make every effort to avoid you. The only way to fight fire is with fire. Make a stand and be obnoxious.allow your husband to fufill his obligation without your value judgement of "being taken advantage of".  your point of view is the wrench in the system. not trying to be unkind, and do feel empathy for you. but allow him to do what he feels he needs to and allow her to ask until she feels she doesn't have to anymore.  you can't rush the process and will only alienate your husband in the process. tell him you love him and you trust his judgement in this and you will say nothing again on this matter unless asked.  not what you wanted to hear probably but hope it works out for you!Yikes she IS taking advantage of your husband's good will. The trick is to get him to see it. Have you brutally (but calmly) pointed out specific situations? I'm sure your husband feels a responsibility towards her but he shouldn't sacrifice your marriage for it. And ignoring your protests and going behind your back IS doing just that. I hate to say it but if he doesn't see your point soon, she will do something to really hurt him and his feelings will really be hurt but at least he will have gotten the point.First smack your husband upside the head and tell him to go pick up a pair of balls from the super mart, and while he's at it to get some common sense. It isn't you or your kindness you ex friend is taking advantage of, it's your husbands. And it's not going to stop unless you put your foot down. And it's gotta come down on her... or your husband. You have to make him see, some promises aren't worth keeping. There are some sacrafices that must be made, and there are sacrafices that can't be made.Unless she's boinking your husband...she's still a friend of your marriage.. . Whatever needs she has are obviously more important to her because she's obviously in more emotional pain than you. (Especially if she's unable to be responsible for her own bills and drinks her money away). The betrayal you feel is a selfishness that hurting people resort to make themselves feel better.. Kind of the way a scared child will insist on having things their way to feel safe again.. When something goes wrong in any relationship you can either let it burn...(not recommended) or patch it up by spending extra time with your "ex best friend".. Tell HER how it made you feel. NOT your husband.. She's who you're mad at, right?. There's a slim chance she'll see your point.
Why aren't your parents doing anything about it!!!, if some punk bashed my door, let me tell you that it wouldn't be too long before he would be there fixing it!!!Whatever you do don't talk to him that enrages them.... Change your schedule, switch it up...  don't have a normal schedule or a routine.. And hound the police every second intil they do something about it!!You need to find someone who will TAKE HIM OUT!stolen your dads crack?????? OK that isn't a good environment the dad or the boyfriend run away fast and did you actually tell the police he stole your dads crack?????Call the police again!. . Be brave girl. Be careful. Don't go out alone. Good luck.2 or 3 official "complaints", a request for a restraining order or two, a few frantic calls to 911 and then, finally, a shotgun blast?Call the cops and tell them you want to file a restraining order.Why won't the police help?. . ...never mind ... I missed the line about your dad's "crack".. . Welcome to the world of illegal activities. The price you pay is the inability to not get in trouble when bad things happen. . . You should document it anyways, go to the police, and maybe pay the price for whatever illegal activities you are already involved in.Ignore the stalker, they'll try and do anything to get your attention, just ignore them. Hopefully they'll get bored and go away.A stem that supports a plant or plant part.. . . and peple can help .
Because you know that at work, people judge you for the job you do.  The "liking" comes second.  If you do a poor job, you aren't as popular.  In a social situation, the only thing people judge you on is you.I thought it was only me.  Maybe there's some phenomena behind it.  If there isn't then maybe I can develop some sort of theory.  In the meantime, I remember once, at work, I was on the phone with someone who is now an ex-girlfriend, I ended up jumping into a work conversation and joking around with them real quick while she listened in on the phone.  When I got back to her she asked me "Why can't you act like that outside of work?"  I don't remember the excuse I gave, probably some nonsense from experiencing slight cognitive dissonance.  But it certainly gets me thinking now.I tried to email you back on your request for more info on the Hyd Fuel car.  Your email address is "unconfirmed."  I am looking to develop a group who can interact for each other's mutual benefit in working on a project like this.  the tone of some of your other questions does cause me some concern as to whether an undertaking of this sort would be a good fit for you.  Send me another email to which I am able to reply.  Then, I shall do so.
I think a small number of people lead "self-actualizing" lives, but no one has "self-actualized" because there is always more potential to realize.. . The proof that someone is leading a self-actualizing life is that he or she has completely erased the line between work and play. It is just recreation to him or her.. . These are the people who have found their unique talent and are busy developing it to its fullest potential. They seem to ignore almost everything else. They may seem self-absorbed and sometimes bizarre, but their work is in fact selfless because they are using their talent in a way that contributes to a better world.. . British pop opera diva Sarah Brightman said it best: "If you have a talent, you have to be selfish." I think she means that you have to focus on your talent and use it to actualize yourself.When he/she reaches his full potential.A self-actualized person can be a simple homemaker or a famous person, Guess I'm guilty on that count, but then God guides my way of life so my walk is realized through Him.There are as many answers to this question as there are people in the world. Whole wars are fought over this question - like the so - perceived - gigantic problem now in the west between moslims and - western people (non believers).. . If you are referring to the most well known western theory on this  - you should be looking for Maslov. (I think he writes nonsense but the vast majority of people disagree)some people believe that we strive for self-actualisation thoughout our lives as it is a motivator to carry on.  Really, you can become self-actualised once you achieve your ultimate goals on an individual task basis, an example being, rising to the top managerial ranks of your company or gaining your PhD.  But in other areas, you may still be striving.When his action speaks more than his words. with a sense of maturity.
some people are biologically programmed to be more proned to laziness.  you could be one of them.Lack of interest maybe?maybe it's just boredom. nothing seems fun unless you're doing exactly nothing. hahaBecause you are not physically active, or maybe your just bored and don't have anything good to do. (I would go with the first one)Because you don't have anything interesting going on in your life.Lazy isn't always a bad thing... look at it this way:. If you need something done in the shortest time possible, ask a lazy person - I am serious now, just think about it.. . A lazy person seems to have the ability to come up with a game plan to get the most done in the shortest amount of time with the least possible effort.. . Congratulations on being lazy and being strong enough to admit it :o)  . . As long as your health and well being don't suffer, what's wrong with a little laziness now and then?You sit on Yahoo answers all day asking your retarded questions then forum browse spamming away with your stupid questions then you go whank off to 90210You are not a motivated personI dunno... I can't be bothered answering you!. . :-)i asked a similar question and got some very mean answers. hope you don't.Because YOU choose to be!IT IS JUST IN YOUR NATURE!!You're not lazy, it's just that you don't have a goal big enough to inspire you to take massive action.Ha ha .... i think you know the answer to that!AT this time in your life you are just resting and taking it easy. In your past and/or in your future is a lot of work probably, so you will need your strength. Then when you get tired of resting, you will get up and take care of business!Maybe it's in your nature or nothing really intrests you.You answered this question in your question.The reason you are lazy is because you believe you are!becaue that is who you are.. i can be lazy at times too.coz u have no motivation whatsoever?!probably lacks of interest in what u're doing now. may be u need to find things that suit to your skill and hobbyBecause you don't see the point in trying to do something when you think you'll fail anyway. You don't like to be dissapointed and think less of yourself, so in order to avoid such a thing you just sit on your butt doing nothing.. . An aside: why is 'butt' OK to type by 'a-s-s' is not?
Sympathy is when you feel sorry for someone, but you might not have been through the same thing.. . Empathy is when you feel for someone because you've been through the same thing, or at least know what it's like.This isn't exactly a dictionary definition, but still it might help. It's a quote from the movie "Funny Face." . "Sympathy is to understand what someone feels. Empathy is to project your imagination so that you actually feel what the other person is feeling."sympathy: you feel sorry for someone. empathy: you feel it yourselfEmpathy is a feeling of concern and understanding for another's situation or feelings. Also, an emotional feeling of identification or understanding of a work of art It is what the individual goes through himself and empathises with the other when in the same situation while sympathy is kindness of feeling toward one who suffers, the person soes not necessarily have to be in the same situation.I believe that empathy is what you feel, sympathy is what you show (express).sympathy is feeling sorry for someone. empathy is feeling what they feel not just saddness although it is ussualy used that way. the word empathic means the feel others feelings like a telapath can read minds. and im not saying any one can do either in reality but only in fiction.i actually dont know!!!!Empathy is the identification with and understanding of another's situation, feelings, and motives. Where as sympathy is the mutual understanding or affection arising from this relationship or affinity.  therefore one is understanding the pain, and the other is feeling it too.Empathy is putting yourself in their shoes and imagining how they might feel.  It can be about all emotion and thought--good and bad.. . Sympathy is feeling sorry for someone for how they feels but not always understanding their pain.  One could say it is understanding the emotion, but not really seeking answers about the cause.  It's usually related to negative feelings such as sadness and pain. . . Sympathy--I am sorry about your dog's death.. . Empathy--I can only imaganine how sad you must feel by losing Fluffy.  It must feel kind of lonely going on your morning walk.
Well dav5ter, I do believe that some one came up suddenly behind you and could not complete your question.. It would seem that you were trying to ask, "Why Thank U-ncle Sam?". The reason is as plain as day, you are free to enjoy an education, to pray in your church, and to play at the beach when you may feel like doing so if your parents haven't grounded you yet.  Josewhy not?Because it's the polite thing to say.why your welcome.Because I deserve to be thanked. :-)Why NOT Thank you?. . OH OKAY, Your welcomeyou can touch it again surebecause you just asked why do women get annoyed so easily, you welcome.why you're welcome?Because I think I deserve to be thanked every now and then for the great job that I am doing in my life!
A psychopath is a person with an antisocial personality disorder, manifested in aggressive, perverted, criminal, or amoral behavior without empathy or remorse.. . A sociopath is a person with an antisocial personality disorder (`psychopath' was once widely used but has now been superseded by `sociopath').. . So - effectively - there is no difference.There really isn't a difference. They're both old, politically incorrect terms for a person with antisocial personality disorder.by definition they're actually basically the same... but people usually use them differently. psychopath just has more of a connotation for a crazy killer and sociopath is just more associated with a manipulative crazy personIt's my understanding that a Psychopath is committing a crime to satisfy a perceived need. A Sociopath simply doesn't care.While they are basically the same, there are two different ways of looking at a particular individual.. . The term 'psychopath' takes a look at the individual himself (or herself). He may not feel emotion when he commits criminal behavior. . . 'Sociopath' refers to the individual's role in society. The same man that was called a psychopath by psychologists can be called a sociopath by sociologists because he does not follow the regular social rules.Sociopathy is a major disorder where there are specific 'symptoms' such as a lack of empathy for others. A sociopath would have been diagnosed as having the required number of symptoms or criteria to meet the 'label' of sociopathy. Psychopathy is not really a specific disorder at all but more of a group of disorders - all of them major. I hope this helps!According to Webster, a psychopath is perverse or bizarre, and unstable, usually stupid as well. A sociopath shares these traits, but is also aggressively antisocial, perhaps violent.A person with no moral code...a psychopath can't even tell the difference in good and bad morals...he has no morals...physcopath doesn't feel emotion. sociopath doesn't careHAS TO DO WITH REPETITION =SOCIAL. AND . ANYTIME ANYWHERE ANY PLACE OR THING =PSYCHO. WICKPEDIA FOR EXACTS
it is supposed to be your psyche window with 4 parts.. 1st part--represents that part of you that only God knows. 2nd-- only you know. 3rd-- only your friends know. 4th-- everyone knows. thats wot i was told in my English Honors class.(wot has it to do with English????)I have never heard of the Jacquardian window, only the Johari window (by Joseph Luft and Harry Ingham). It illustrates how we see ourselves, how others see us, what we are really like, and our blind spot (What we dont know about ourselves.) You can find an in depth explanation on the net.  If thats not what you're looking for then im sorry.
It makes people with obscure knowledge know that they are still a social asset.  Other than than, maybe awareness of the rest of the planet's weirdness (there are some really odd questions out there)It must give most of us satisfaction in sharing ideas, jokes, stories, etc. MOst of us have questions we really want answers for and this site is the perfect source for this.it enlightens morons like you so that u dont have to be a burden of your society.One of the things ive noticed it there is a bit of latent dysfunction in that it further perpetuates some levels of intolerance in society - religion section. Though there are many people meeting with likeminded ideas, these groups are not really using much of a respectful dialogue with each other (not that they always do outside of yahoo answers). But i think its interesting that a lot of people are coming in with questions about race (many misguided about what race is) and religion and are being turned away probably more confused or upset than when they first got on site.
This is a hot topic in psychological research right now. It could be many factors; some neurobiological, some environmental, and the interaction of the two. Usually the resilient person has an internal locus of control, healthy self-esteem, and has developed adaptive coping skills. There is no simple answer and you probably have to look at it on a case by case basis.There is a lot of math in psychology.. . Let me explain. People's decision to abandon the struggle OR to fight back depends on their (often unconscious) calculation of the odds of success.. . If you put a six-feet-tall guy in front of me, and I can see that he weighs 200 pounds and looks frighteningly like a wrestler who's pissed off about something, let me assure you that I will gladly abandon any thought of fighting him and will happily accept to be a victim!. . But if you put in front of me someone my size, then I would probably agree to fight with him (assuming he insulted my mother or something like that).. . Similarly, people often calculate their chances of success in anything, and make a decision based on whether the odds are for or against them.. . If the odds are 50/50, then it's all about self-confidence, state of mind, what you had for breakfast that morning, etc.That's not a question that can be answered simply. There are thousands of book written on the subject. It depends on your personality, your childhood and experiences, and a myriad of other factors. Some people are strong willed and simply refuse to be victims. This has a lot to do with your self-confidence as well. I'm a fighter. I have a friend that calls me all the time with one problem or another. She is the type of person that enjoys attention though she would never admit it. Most people cause their own problems by not being proactive about their life and their wants. I don't know if that helps but it's my opinion, and like I said.....It's not a question that can be answered simply.There is no simple answer to your question because there are so many factors that contribute to this. One of the major focuses in Psychology relating to this is a trait called "hardiness". This is our level of resilience in a difficult situation.The theory behind this is that those people who have more attributes relation to hardiness are better equiped to deal with life's challenges. those who do not possess as many attributes relating to hardiness are not as well equipped to deal with these situation.
The difference is in the languages themselves.  Cuneiform is  a script, not a language.  As a script, it can be used to write a variety of languages, including Sumerian, Akkadian, and Hittite.. Hittite "hieroglyphs" reflects the writing of a closely related language - Luwian in a hieroglyphic script used primarily on monuments in the Hittite kingdom.As far as I know they are all pretty primitive but probably more intelligent than anything we have nowadays!
retinal activation - if dreaming in black and white then the retinal contribution is coming only from rods and in color the cones of the fovea are providing input to the visual processing centers. . it's just my theory but it does have some validity . other areas of visual processing are color/black and white optimized also so many areas could contribute to this factorcreativity and what you did in the day. more visual people have color dreams.that less than 10% of people dream in true color (actually using the color recognition area of the brain during dreaming).  most others colorize there dreams in recall (they didn't really dream in color, but they think they do).  but there doesn't seem to be any common tie with true color dreamers (for example; they aren't more creative or more artistic)color duh!  When you dream in color-you have COLOR!!  When you dream in black and white-you only have BLACK and WHITE!It depends on whether you ate a large spicy hote pizza or you ate a little salad before going to bed
You have to have WOMEN RIGHTS in order for the advancement of culture! Look at Scandinavia, probably the BEST PLACE IN THE WORLD to be a WOMAN and EXTREMELY ADVANCED! Some of the highest standards of living are here in Scandinavia.... And, I am a MAN, I love it here!should clear some misconceptions here.... in usa, which is percieved to be the forerunner in womens' rights, has there been any women president? noo....south asian countries, which belong to the third world, and percieved that there is little women's rights there, namely sri lanka, pakistan, bangladesh and india have all had women prime ministerss. hows that ? and the feminist revolution started in the west started in the west after the world war.. however, look at south asia, women were respected as they were and given their share of rights.... that is,, until the westerner started colonising most of the south asia..yes , men and women are the vehicles of the car , so a man can not alone bring  the country to prosperity. because when  women will work , a country will earn more national income , which will increase the GDP of the nation. because where there were 50 men were working there would be double of  it when the women work. every religion has given women rights,islam also has given rights to women they can do jobs , respect of women is must,they have a right to give their view on certain matters, they  have a right to get divorce ,man is not allowed to hit the women on the face, or that much hard that can put stain on the body of women, women can learn  skills.they have a right in the matter of property distribution. there are the rights of wife on her husband and as well the husband on his wife.education is  must on the women , it is declared as very sacred part.women have equal rights to the men. 3rd world countries can become developing if they leave their consevative thinkings and the traditions.men and women are vehicles of the car , a car can not run with out any one of these vehicles.maybe those nations are considered more "advanced" because they learned to look beyond gender issues and realized that women are just as capable as men, and as a result, more people in the workforce which results in a better economy. . . as for the other nations, well... that's their problem now isn't it?because hundreds of years ago women were treated inferior to men. people nowadays relate to that and would say that a country with a diverse community is advanced, meaning that it doesn't follow old tradition.because it's a question of progress, women's rights was considered a step forward, and of course, we're talking about freedome and equality which is supposed to be the basis of democracy, but i don't think that's the only problem, those 3rd world countries have others problems, such as poverty or corruption.wow your not one sided are youNations that oppress women are the ones who are denying themselves the advantage of a whole half of the population. They are denying themselves the intelligence, skills and workforce of an entire half of their citizens. Of course they are not going to be as highly-developed as countries where all the skill and know-how of women are added to the society.. Also, it's a two-way thing: the more enlightened, advanced nations are the ones that realise the worth of women as more than child-production lines. I'm afraid that men in general enjoy being top of the tree, and having power over women. It boils down to the fact that men  enjoy lording it over women - and it's much easier to do that if they are mere second-class citizens who have no power to vote, or go out to work, or be independent. Once this attitude is changed, and only then, a country can become great.an advanced nation is one where we have evolved from the prhistoric times and women are more than walking wombs that cook and clean.. any country that denies women thee same rights and abuses the power they have over them can never be respected.All Women should work....No breaks, no staying at home.  Eventually  all women will work and then Men will never have to work again.
It keeps the people that aren't getting the benefits at the bottom of the ladder.  This maintans the social heirarchy of the rich staying rich, and the poor staying poor.Dependence upon the benefits.by showing horrible things that can happen without the benefits.  Scare tactics basically...and submit you into believing you cannot live without the benefits being offered.  Creating dependencyBenefit them in a fashion that harms them.  Provide an abundance of benefit, harm.  People are greedy, even for something that will hurt them.. . Now I take away that benefit, not only do you not mind, you want me to.. . Now I can do the opposite of what was benefiting you before, new "benefits" you would never have accepted before.. . Now I can impose my will on you all, my original plan.. . Fools.A limited amount of funds.
GO TO YAHOO PHOTOS AND ADD THEM..WHEN ANYONE SENDS YOU SNAPS IT WILL ASK YOU SAVE IT TO YAHOO PHOTOS AND FOLLOW SOThrought Yahoo Messenger?. . Just right click on them and save them to your new folder.
Learn proper grammar and spelling because psychology classes require a lot of writing. You obviously need some lessons in that area.Introduction to psychology..get a college intro to psychology book and read it
i empathize with you. . . people think that just because we're social beings that having friends is a requirement. and if you dont, it means you're not part of the norm. hah! just because we have different standards doesn't mean we're queer. there are just some other people who aren't willing to bend their standards to have real friends. (making us a part of a minority) what's wrong with being with yourself and actually enjoying it anyways?! lol. personally, i'd rather wait or explore than have some hypocrites who call themselves my friends when they aren't. my 2 cents.It may well be that everyone has something to hide.  You admit to something and they are uncomfortable.  You are not playing the game.  They arn't afraid of what you said but of what they would have to say if they were so honest.. . Second thought: You probably have friends.  How do you define friends.  I don't hang out with anyone.  I don't have people over for dinner.  But I have good friends at work.  I am aquainted with a neighbor.  Oh, I volenteer with an office of aging and am getting close to an elderly person I help.  There are lots of ways to have contact with people and thus have freinds.  I think friends, like happiness, is sort of a by-product of other pursuits.I admire your independence and outlook. It's kinda refreshing.I know exactly what you mean!  I don't really have any friends either - lots of people that I'm friendly with but no one really to hang out with.  People do act like it's a horrible thing to admit to but I'm not ashamed of it!  I just haven't met many people that I care to or can hang out with.  Oh, well...  I'll be your online buddy if you want! :DIt sounds like you might not have Friends but you definitely have a large degree of social connections. It is not friendships per se, but no social connections can often indicate a certain degree of isolation and often is associated with mental illness or at the least mental anguishThe reason they feel uncomfortable by your statement is because people are social animals. .  We depend on having a network of friends/acquaintances in our lives and assume everyone else does too.  Anything which varies from the norm makes people uncomfortable.WELL FIRST OF ALL *HUGE HUGS* PEOPLE ARE SO CRUEL AND JUDGEMENTAL THEESE DAYS!!! SORRY YOU DONT HAVE ANY FRIENDS,IF U NEED ONE I CAN BE THRU EMAIL.MELUVCHRIS418@YAHOO.COM.ANYWAYS TRY AND KEEP YOUR HEAD UP.THERE ARE STILL SOME GOOD PEOPLE LEFT IN THIS WORLD.I PROMISE.=)First, let me tell you that I do not mean to be judgemental, BUT when you tell people that you don't have any friends, it makes you seem like you have very low self-esteem and people don't like to be around people like that.. . Next time someone asks you about your friends, you don't have to lie, just say something like "I haven't found anybody who I can really trust like that" or something, you'll find that people will want to help you then and show you that they can be a good friend.
it's bascially written in englishThe term is Latin for "Academic passion."  Beyond that, I don't know what it means.
yes I sure do have an opinion on this.... the media is an extremely strong influence on girls and women's body image. they set the tone on what is in fashion , what the norm is, and what is considered attractive. this causes girls/women to constantly strive to reach this unattainable goal, starving themselves leading to bulimia and anorexia and even suicide...it destroys their self esteem...the image the media represents is not even the average person, its of an emaciated individual passed off as a  model of the ideal  female body.....this influence is now spreading to the males as well, with boys also  developing eating disorders... this influence destroys self confidence...and leads to life time  inner struggle..Media has a lot to do with the way people view themselves. Movies, commercials, celebrities, magazines, just about anything. The standard beauty is not what it use to be. Now people are rushing to be thin and then they're so thin they look like skin and bones. Plastic surgery is ruining a lot of people, and even teenagers are doing it. The media has affected everyone's life, making them think they're ugly when there's nothing wrong with them.All of it, mags, films, commercials have a HUGE negative effect on the mindset and confidence level of females. It represents and unnattainable standard and encourages depression if you don't reach that standard. The average viewer doesn't realize that these women look like anyone else without their designers and makeup people.Oh my goodness, this started with the Barbie doll.  Girls have been taught for years that our society only loves thin, tall women.  How sad.  Our young girls just need to eat right, move around and not sit at the computer or TV so much.  It's very sad that girls can't feel good about themselves unless they are 'sticks' and breastless.I personally think that todays media has a negative effect on girls. All you see today on TV is these twig thin models and all the commercials for diet pills. Why can't people just be happy with what they have.It depends on the girl's inner strength. If she is insecure and weak minded, she will be affected more than someone who has a healthy self esteem and feels confident in herself.The media has a huge impact on girls' body image. Look at all of the magazines that are out there telling girls that they need to be beautiful, thin and perfect in order to be loved.  Look at all of the diet gimmicks that are out there and how quickly they come and go. Just seeing the vast array of information out there shows that girls are expected to look a specific way.. . I think that media expectations creates a lot of problems for young girls and women of all ages.  It creates superficial expectations instead of focusing on healthy bodies and interesting character as the most worthy parts of a female's life.It is vice-versa girls body image has an effect on the media, and that is the better way to think. well it is obvious...
Well Lone there is a broad line between Insane and stupidity and i guess that would be a Jail Cell. Now the fine line that seperates insane and sane would be an itty bitty little pill and you ask how would I know!. Well the voices tell me so! So i guess I wouldnt know but they would!and I trust them,Dont YOUI don't think you can tell if you are insane. It's like on American Idol, all those people really believe they can sing. It's kind of scarey. After watching that show, I wonder about myself. Am I walking around thinking I'm doing ok, when in reality everyone is actually laughing at me?If you continue doing the same problem and expect different results This is the basic definition of insanity.. No in science the test to something is to repeat the experiment till the results match.. So dose this not tell me that the scientist are getting diverse results from identical experiments. Ah Ha that means that science is made up of the insane.it is very difficult. keep observing keenly and always maintain a distance :-)Im here aint I?other people tell you that you are as i dont think you would noticeWe all are!Usually you would be telling everyone who was telling you that you were insane that they were all wrong... because all the world is wrong except you...lol!. . :-Dlook in the mirrorI don't know...But do the voices in my head bother you?lololololWhen they throw away the key.Some say that the second sign of madness is finding more than five hairs growing on the palm of your hand...... Oh by the way...the first sign!....looking for those five hairs....u have frequent headache and strange pains in the middle or any where around ur head. u think too much and stay alone and do strange things. if so u are insanedo you hear voices, do they tell you to do bad things.  if you answered yes to any one of these questions unfortunately you are.When you stop asking yourself that question....I'm not a mean person so I will try to tell you as nice as possible. When you have to ask to question, How can you tell if you are insane?.You may not be insane but you do have some type of probelm or you just may be bored and lonely. Thoses things can cause you to think that you are insane. But just in case that the person is not you,if you are questioning this about this person you may need to get them some professional help,that goes for you to .if you think you're insane you aren't xKeep doing the same thing and expect different resultsif you can ask the question the answer is no. insane people believe they are the norm.Look at history.... . . .  Take a look at your life! .            what does it tell you?.                            See any patterns?. . . .                                      Isn't it - Insane?If you're asking, you're not.Repeating same thing over and over and hoping that the result will be different is proof for being insaneI have worked as a psychiatric nurse for about 24 yrs. Unfortunately, I have seen many people who were quite psychotic who hadn't a clue that they had a problem. A general rule of thumb, though, for those who still have some insight into their behavior is: if you keep doing the same dysfunctional things and getting the same dissatisfying results, that's insane!I doubt you would really know, but if you're hearing things, or imagining things, it would be best to see a doctor about it.When you behave in a rather unusual or abnormal way!When you start drivin normal people crazy..it can be said your INSANE !!A simple solution to a very simple questionIt would take an outside observer, preferably a qualified professional in the field.  If the question is there, then immediately get help.  Do not delay.  Your life may be changed for the better.. . In my own studies of people, they seem to not realize their state.  Most abusers do not realize they are abusive, or as bad as the abused claims, they'll even deny the abuse, maybe even claim that it "wasn't them".
I am answering this so I can keep track. I hope you get lots of answers to this question - it is fascinating.You got me.. . I wouldn't say that being a poor speller was a requirement to being in the sciences, though. Most of the doctors I know express themselves accurately. Sometimes you can even read their handwriting. ;) It's just that they don't have the time to look everything up and verify the spelling of every word. So it's not that it is just plain carelessness.  I think they depend on the medical transcriptionists for the exact spelling of the words.. . --fwiw--for what it's worth--sometimes you hear stories like Einstein couldn't tie his own shoelaces or something like that--don't know if it's true, but it makes you think--Not being able to spell does not automatically make a person a dolt.  Keep in mind problems like dyslexia, and just plain poor teachers at the crucial learning levels for spelling.  There can be many other factors as well.  For example, I am a "scientist", but have lived in another country for so long that my spelling in English has suffered from lack of use.  I hold a Ph.D., but came from a school district that while not the worst, did not have a majority of the students who were even Jr. College-ready.  Still, I know many bright people with great ideas who are not top spellers, some of whom I met in grad school.A) Research papers typically have a language of their own.  . . B)  Modern day reliance on the institution known as Microsoft Word.In short, much scientific terminology is logical and consistent (sounds like how it is spelled and roots of words carry over to other words).  By contrast, English in particular is a very illogical and inconsistent language, where tough/cough/plough/dough and said/maid/plaid don't rhyme even though they look like they should.  It wouldn't surprise me at all that people who have difficulty remembering conventional English spellings (which really are they way they are because that's how everyone spells them) can still spell scientific terms accurately.
I have the same problem.  You have to find ways to make the studying part a valid part of your life, which you enjoy and consider worth the effort.  Work where you're happy but not tempted to do other things, allow plenty of time to finish the work, then become a professional at consistently finishing the work, to such an extent that it allows you to feel secure in the knowledge that you will reach your academic goals.  After all, you're not in school for fun or your health - it's an investment for the future.Well it all takes time, and ull get if you want it. But i suggest you really look at wat your doing and make sure its really wat you want to do or be.Try repeating the information to your or writing it several times repetition really does help.
tHIS STEMS FROM THE MUCH ACCEPTED MYTH THAT THE fRENCH DID BADLY IN ww2. Yes, the German army made short work of the much bigger and better equipped French army(The French had much bigger tanks than the Germans in the early months of WW2)but the French army did fight on to the very end  and some escaped with the British at Dunkirk in 1940 while others formed resistance groups.. Then there's that arrogance factor whereas the French consider themselves superior to the rest of the world and some of their habits and customs;ie: their women  don't shave under their arms,their obsession with their poddles,. and so on. Most ignorant Americans when they can't accept other people (especially a people whose country has been around longer than the US) tend to ridicule them in order to make themmselves feel superior.beuase they suck a$$due to the fact that they bring their dogs everywhere i.e. on a plane they sit in a seat, in the stores they are held close to their owners. They take their dogs everywhere and they dislike Americans.I know France and they are generally very friendly people. I have worked there and been on holiday too.. There is nothing wrong with the French, other than when it comes to politics, when they are very selfish.. I guess that is the survival instinct in tem.. Viva La France!sey dont make fun of da franch do dey? haw he haw he haw>? Anywun wont an onion?. do u lake ma Berret?. etc. . why do people make fun of the americans....????? etc. (continuted page 45)There are jokes about every country friend. Jokes can be made out of almost anything. There are alot abt usa too.becuase the french suckthey make fun of frrrench cause they r not normal and they hane an very funny acent>
The primary difference is functionality. If a person does not experience difficulty functioning in some key area of their lives, such as family life or work, then they most likely do not have a mental disorder. That doesn't mean they aren't in the process of developing one though.Unless it meets very selective criteria, the problem will not be considered a disorder. In the US, the criteria is compiled in a book by the American Psychiatric Association called the DSM-IV (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fourth edition)social discomfort can come from depression,lack of selfconfidence ,or some kind of paranoia...it can also be mental ...it is how each person deals with there problems that makes him or her crazy...over come them and you can help others...avoid them and you avoid living a better life.I am not sure but Dick Cheney fits the bill on those two quite well...hun, we're all crazy.  it's just to what degree, and in relation to what's "acceptable".  the housewife who has OCD and spends all day cleaning everything over and over again until it's spotless is often simply considered a good wife.  but the homeless guy on the street with the true perspective who won't submit to "the man" is seen as crazy.  we've all got our issues - low self esteem, anxiety, bipolar, suicidal, worrysome... it doesn't matter.  it's just how well you hide it.  we're all screwed up, behind all of these convenient sociological walls...if your behavior causes SERIOUS problems in your life to the degree that you can not take care of your self than you probably have mental disorder.For a flaw to be a mental disorder it needs to be pervasive. If it's affecting your life in a serious way, and you can't do anything about it, it probably is a disorder.It's a matter of degree.  I had to stop taking psychology courses in college because I took Abnormal Psych and started analyzing my friends.  Mainly, it's a matter of how much it affects your life.  If you think that other people might be watching you while you're in a public place, that's probably OK.  If you set up traps in your house to catch the madmen who break in and steal your keys, even when people are in the house and no one heard anything, then it's a little different.
its reversed discrimination, unfortunately. There are plenty of women who lose their tempers and act out, and because they are female, they get away with what men cannot.They don'tIf they are not arresting both parties if both parties have inflicted injury upon the other, then the police are remiss in their duties.mostly men beat on woman(most woman cant beat a men) and the men are stayiing with the woman so its not even his houseThey don't. They arrest the primary aggressor , whoever it may be. I have a friend with 20 years law enforcement experience and I'm always asking him these kinds of questions. He says he's worked hundreds of domestics in his career and about 8 or 9 times out of ten it is the male who is the primary aggressor.They don't.  You have been watching too many episodes of "Cops" on TV.  Women go to jail for violence too.  There are jails full of women who flip out, are on drugs, are mentally ill, violent, abuse their children, etc.  Nobody is exempt if they did the crime.Quit hitting your girl you coward!Because there is a societal bias that men are more aggressive than women; therefore, they must be the aggressors in any situation.. . It's not true... it's just a stereotype that nobody seems inclined to examine very deeply.They DON'T automatically arrest the man. Usually, it IS the man's fault, but many times the woman is arrested for spousal abuse.They don't.Unless the situation clearly indicates something different, they usually arrest the person who was reported when the call for help was placed. Usually it is the woman who calls to report the man. Men are reluctant to call to report a woman because they don't usually feel that the woman could actually over-power them, never mind the stigmatism of being afraid of a girl.they don't Automatically arrest him and usually the man is the one to get arressted because he is the aggressive one. and trust me i don't know too many guys that would call the police if his wife or whatever started hitting him. thats pretty much just say a girl kicked you @ssHe is usually the one who is more aggressive.
are you serious, most women who get married adopt an adult. they look after the man, wash his clothes, iron them, feed him, take over his responsibilities, shop for him, clean his mess in the bathroom, organise his family functions, emotionally support him, put up with his tantrums, look after him when he is sick etc.etc.etc. is this not the same as adopting an adult.they do but they dont in orpahnages onece there 21 they can live there own life usaly get married insteadadults dont need adoption.  there are programs for adults on how to manage their lives, but once your grownmore is expected from you.it would be ridiculous to adopt adult,isnt?they knew u are not his/her real parents..!!so when he/she start working,do people expect him/her to provide money or visit them since they didnt really provide him/her many things!as a result of that,i think that is the reason why people do not adopt adult!
For parents to be more involved with their children through love and guidance.. Parents nowadays are so wrapped up in their hectic lives that they don't take the needed time to teach their children the necessities of life. (morals, how to treat people, helping others in time of need w/out expecting something in return, etc..) And for that they find social bonds through anyone that will accept them into their groups.. Teens will not overcome their social problems as long as babies are having babies and parents start doing their part. Kids need their PARENTS. Not money, babysitters, nannies, etc..Make the law become strict and not allow the teenagers to act really badly like drunk, sex, and many more. There are no such way for you to act alone.The best way to avoid social teenage problems is for the teens to find good turstworthy friends and listen to their parents as they are the ones who would have been through all of thatgive them something to do!!  Not all young people are motivated and stimulated enough...let them enjoy life create more youth clubs etc.  the cost of things nowadays is too much for some kids/ families to afford!  The government are supposed to be introducing some voucher system which should have some affect!  The parks are useless nowadays and theres nowhere for them to just kick a football around and the parents can't be bothered dealing with them!  Slapping asbos on them doesnt help in my opinion.. . GIVE THEM SOMETHING TO DO AND LOOK FORWARD TO!!!!
Perceptual illusions and ambiguous figures were of special interest to the Gestaltists. Artists have also been fascinated by these perceptual phenomenon. Perceptual illusions and ambiguous figures are of special interest in the investigation of thinking because:. . illusions seem to indicate that our mind does not always accurately represent the perceptual input. For the Gestaltist, this suggested that the mind was "actively" involved in interpreting the perceptual input rather than passively recording the input.. ambiguous figures exemplify the fact that sometimes the same perceptual input can lead to very different representations. Again, the Gestaltist took this as suggesting that the mind was actively involved in interpreting the input.. what I will call completion figures are figures which the mind rather unambiguously interprets in a particular way despite the fact that the input is incomplete relative to what is typically "seen"Perceptual illusions are a really good source of understanding about how the senses work.. For example - the Hermann Grid illusion (A grid of black squares, with thick white lines separating them horizontally and vertically: one perceives grey squares at each intersection of the white lines, however when you look directly at these intersections, the grey square disappears).. . The Hermann Grid illusion helps us to understand how lateral inhibition works in the retinal cells and early visual processing areas.. . Many other examples of visual illusions have contributed to our understanding of how our brains interpret depth, motion and so on, from what is essentially a 2-dimensional "picture" of the world.Psychologists view the perceptual illusions valuable because most of the time, it's relation of their psychic to relative idenities to normality, and used for the Doctor's starting place for treatment.
job search. remember- the most fulfilling job you take may not be the one with the biggest paycheck. look to save more money, buy resonsibly, and live moderately while taking care of your bills and family.Writing to make money is difficult.  You have to build a portfolio to prove yourself.  Choose an area and offer your services for free for a year and then when you have built a portfolio shop around for paid work. Many people write essays for a living.  You are going to have to do something else for a while....proof reading, working for a publishing company in some format.  Try to get into the area.  I am in the same situation but I have found that my spiritual has more to do with my "stall" than I think...could that be the case for you?  You may want to read "Awaken the Giant Within" also.  Its a great book about setting goals.Get off the computer and go out.  Play softball, tennis.  Go to meetings.  Anything.  Just go out.you could make money writing, just tailor your writing to specific audiences.  there are a lot of writing books out there and books on contacts in the publishing industry like Writer's Digest.  get crackin'!Time for a drastic change.  Think outside of the box.
If a woman's just turned 21 and gets carded, being seen as younger could possibly be annoying.  However, if a woman is in the aging gracefully period of her life, like I am, then being seen as younger can be quite complimentary.  It can also be a real ego boost.Because it is natural, it is in their genesits how the world perceive beautiful women to be. not that all attractive women are young but just about all.. . its just a stereo-typing... and that we, as women, tries to keep up to that b'cos we have the whole world judging us..not sure.. mid fifties here.. and  doesnt bother me at all..its natural we even lie about our age, thats why its a crime to ask a woman how old she is.!!!!I think not only women, men also like to do that at times, its usually the character of after 35 people.For women its more because it gives them too much pleasure to know that they have maintained themselves so well.....something like 'mirror mirror on the wall who's the fairest of them all'.That is a typical woman, can't do anything about it.But not all r like that.It is how the world perceives beauty, unfortunately. We are programmed from a young age as to the definition of beauty and we are taught that we should do our best to stay within those lines. The barbie doll theory. My daughter will never have one.cuz we're brainwashed into believing looking young is what looks good, not being wrinkly.it is natural for a man to be attracted to a younger women so they try to look younger to get or keep a mani dont no
Wear loose clothes. Lay on bed and think that your energy is coming out from the third eye located at your forehead.with the help of someone.... or the third eye opens on its own...Use the sixth finger on your third hand to hold your second head still, then pry it open.with a corkscrew of course.gaining knowledgeThere are adult magazines that show how to do that.  Though I'm not sure why.oh wow .......... u better get that removed that could be scarydo I have one???You should meditate a lot, try to visualise things in your mind with as much detail as possible (eg. imagine an orange- how does it look like? how does it feel when you touch it? What can you smell, taste...?) try to imagine and feel, do NOT think or analyse, this will help your right hemisphere to work. You may google some pages about PSI, ESP and how to develop it and try some practical excercises.. Good luck!. PS: dont hurry, it all takes time, practise,and time and practise...just close your eyes.... relax. breathe deeply..... now think,. imagine .....  you are opening your third eye. . Well, thats it...hope that helps.Meditation Third Eye Tech: This is a recommended technique to use for opening the third eye chakra. Start by doing the Deep Relaxation Meditation here on the Meditation page, and after the 10-12 minutes of that, when you are completely relaxed, (eyes closed) visualize your astral arms detaching from your physical arms. Make them massage your third eye, and add energy to it at the same time. Invision the eye VERY SLOWLY opening, blinking away the crust that sealed it there. Do this for about 5 minutes, and then slowly open your eyes. Picture the third eye opening in time with them, and then slowly blink a few times, and again, invision the third eye doing the same. After this, create a ki ball and concentrate on seeing through your third eye chakra and see if you get results. You might not get it on your first try; keep practicing, and don't get frustrated.. . Third eye tech 1: This is the most common technique that you will see on most sites. To start, get in a comforable position. First, you should meditate for a minute or two and clear your mind. Next, close your eyes, and place your index and middle fingers in the middle of your forehead where your third eye is. Now, visualize a closed eye there. Now push your ki into your hand, and then push it through your fingers and into your third eye, and also through your palm(s) into the eye. Keep meditating, and visualizing the eye opening very slowly, like it's trying to wake up, but is very tired. When you've added enough energy and in your mind it appears to be fully open, open your eyes and blink a few times. If you opened it, the energy colors, etc. should fade into view in a minute or so. Now in most cases, you will not be able to keep the eye open for long the first few times. You should perform this technique for a few minutes at a time, and about 4 or 5 times each day. Each time, the eye may open a little more, or it may stay open for a longer time. Do this technique everyday until you can just keep it open all the time. Don't get discouraged, this takes time to do..  . .  . . . Third eye tech 2: This technique is from Martial Arts. This was originally a yogic breathing technique. I changed it, and revised it a little into this exercise. This is still experimental right now, and some people benefit from it, some don't. Now, to start. Using the right hand, place the tips of your index and middle finger on your third eye. This should postion your ring finger by your left nostril and your thumb your right nostril.. . Close your right nostril with your thumb and breath in through your left nostril. Now, close your left nostril with your ring finger and breath out with your right nostril. Then breath in with the right, close it up with your thumb, and breath out with the left nostril.. . Repeat this process for about five minutes. After you are done, then make a ki ball and spend about 15 minutes looking at it. Try to see it not with your eyes, but with your third eye and peripheral vision..  . .  . . . Third Eye tech 3: This is another tech, which is sort of like a combination of the two above. To start out, just place your index and middle fingers in the center of your forehead, where your third eye is. Now close your eyes, and just take deep breaths and visualize the third eye open like any normal eye would after waking up from a nap. Keep doing this for a few minutes, and you can also add energy to it if you feel it is necessary. After you think it is open, open your eyes, and blink multiple times. If you feel your third eye wink, look around and try to see auras, make a ki ball and try to see it, etc..  . .  . . . Third Eye tech 4: This tech was discovered by my friend, Hien. Well, basically, while you are taking a shower, close your eyes. Let the water hit your forehead and face, and visualize the water droplets and droplets of ki, and visualize them opening your third eye.meditation is the bestBreak a tooth pick in half anf then use it like a tiny leverage to pry that beauty open!  YOu'll look so great with that third eye.  Everyone will be so jealous that they will begin painting on a third eye right on their foreheads in an attempt to look like you!  Man, some  people have ALL the breaks.  It's just not fair!close your two eyes.the third eye is within u and is involuntary.you can get help of friends  fuck and little  oilYour thrid eye?find your soul and your inner sight and you're pretty much there. Meditate alot. It'll take years, but you'll feel it once you're there...
I look back on past memories where I didn't do something that I wished I had done and felt disappointed about it. I'm not sure of your age but as you get older. the days get shorter and you start to realize that you need. to live the best day you can everyday. Do you want to look back on your life and say "I wish I had?" or would you rather say, "I'm so glad I did!" For me that's a motivating factor!  Good Luck!Visualize yourself doing the thing that you are nervous about doing.  Then visualize yourself reaping the reward you want as a result.  Then, just take a deep breath and do it.do something or go somewhere where you would normally ever go because you feel totally out of place. . . Randomly start a conversation with someone.. . Do something dangerous.. . Go buy a homeless man some food then sit and talk to him. . Go sing karioke at a bar. . . I don't know what you're like, so I can't tell you exactly what to do, but yea...something people would be really surprised by if they heard you did it.REBT.  Rational-emotive-behavioral-therapy.  Founded by Albert Ellis, it is revolutionary.  Read some of his books.  He advocates making an a** out yourself purposely until embarrassment or self-consciousness is no longer an issue.you can just do it, you shouldn't need motivationStart by reading a Biography of someone who inspires you.. . Find the moment in the book that had a significant effect on them that you may find uncomfortable and immulate it.
"Economic efficiency" means "economic anarchy" (no government regulations). Economists are literally advocating "Social Darwinism" -- survival of the economically fittest -- the rest can suffer and die. In the words of Economic Nobel Laureate Milton Friedman: "Pinochet has supported a fully free-market economy as a matter of principle. Chile is an economic miracle." .  . . Although the first advocate of Friedman's Social Darwinism was the Dominican Friar St. Thomas Aquinas (1224-1274),  the British economist Thomas Malthus (1766-1834) was the first to really understand and record the real-world implications of Thomistic Philosophy:. .  . . "A man who is born into a world already possessed, if he cannot get subsistence from his parents on whom he has a just demand, and if the society do not want his labor, has no claim of right to the smallest portion of food, and, in fact, has no business to be where he is. At nature's mighty feast there is no vacant cover for him. She tells him to be gone, and will quickly execute her own orders, if he does not work upon the compassion of some of her guests. If these guests get up and make room for him, other intruders immediately appear demanding the same favor. The report of a provision for all that come, fills the hall with numerous claimants. The order and harmony of the feast is disturbed, the plenty that before reigned is changed into scarcity; and the happiness of the guests is destroyed by the spectacle of misery and dependence in every part of the hall, and by the clamorous importunity of those, who are justly enraged at not finding the provision which they had been taught to expect. The guests learn too late their error, in counter-acting those strict orders to all intruders, issued by the great mistress of the feast, who, wishing that all guests should have plenty, and knowing she could not provide for unlimited numbers, humanely refused to admit fresh comers when her table was already full."Economic Ineffciency basically means the under-utilisation of resources..not proper exploitation of resourcesThere are many examples of economic inefficiency.  Look at the welfare system, the tax system, and all but the basic functions of government.  We need government, but they should only be involved in areas where they can provide public goods more efficiently than the private sector.  Another example of economic inefficiency which often ends up involving the government is when you look at externalities.  Externalities fall under two large headings:  positive and negative.  A positive externality would be something like your neighbor fixing up their front yard, so you get to enjoy the nicer view.  Positive externalities end up being under produced, because the producer gets nothing out of the externality.  A classic example of a negative externality would be any form of pollution from a manufacturing or power plant.  Negative externalities are usually overproduced because the producer does not have to realize the costs of the negative externality.  Both positive and negative externalities can lead to economic inefficiency.Look at the Public Aid structure in the US..Thats a economic inefficieny if I ever seen one .....Tax the Heck out of the middle class to support generations of worthlees, Don't care to be educated, don't and won't work Weasels. Take the money from hard working indivuals that eat hamburger helper and pay their bills and give it to scum of the earth,,people that just want to make more worthless babies and drink beer... So they can eat Steak..smoke cigarettes. And drive CadillacsFor example, a truck goes from LA to NY with a load and comes back empty. . Any operations that the cost are more than the benefits. For example if a company has to sell to a big retailer for such a small price that they don't do any money at the end.just look at the war in iraq or the fema disaster.  Now add to that our national debt to earnings ratio and compare that to the earnings to debt ratio needed to get a home loan.  Our debt is so high and our future earnings are in decline.  How are we going to afford the interest payment on the national debt.  That is the pinnacle of inefficiency.  we owe $30,000 for each person in the country.  If the war lasts for 3 more years and the gnp stays it's course we each will owe $56,000.  now think that we are shipping jobs and industry overseas and are not replacing them or creating new income for our people.  if each house hold takes a 8% drop in earnings which is to say that you do not get a raise for 2 years then we can say that we will owe even more.economic inefficiency is the product of allocative and technical inefficiency. allocative deals with prices where by the firms will not minimise costs given output while technical inefficiency deals with the skills used to utilise inputs well to get more output or vice versa.
Are dreams more real than being totally conscious?Did you know that the brain does not know the difference between what it sees in its environment and what it remembers.In trials the same areas of the brain light up when people are asked to remember what they have just experienced.When you dream you are most likely more in tune with what is real,the problem is you don`t clearly understand your dreams enough to put the pieces of the puzzle together.Your dreams are an attempt by your brain to be what it is suppose to be,with very little outside interference.I believe dreams are an attempt of your brain to hook up to the Quantum Field and when you are dreaming such a connection has been made.The possibilities are endless and the more open your mind is the more you will be able to learn.Study your own dreams and you will become better at it and believe me you will learn some interesting things.It is also a question close to,where do thoughts come from,because nothing happens in the brain until we have a thought!I truly hope this has been some help to you Good Luck!!!!!!!!!!Hey Meagz, I am sure that you will get many different ideas of what folks considered "the mysteries of sleep".  I find it interesting that while you dream, you may be running but as you sleep your feet twitch like you physically wanted to run but your body won't allow you.  Great question!  I look forward to the other answers.Hey,. . I studied sleep in the second year of my Psychology Degree in London, but dont remember too much about it off hand. But here's what i do know.... . Useful things to research or google are:. . 1. Sleep cycle / stages of sleep: Your sleep works in cycles which span about 4 hours I think, each stage of the cycle is a varied depth of sleep/unconscuiousness. . . 2. REM (Rapid Eye Movement) sleep: REM sleep is the deepest part of your sleep cycle, and this is when you dream - apparently when oyu are most in touch with your subconscious.. . 3. Sigmund Freud: Another thing to look up for mysteries of sleep is Frued's interpretation of dreams. In his "Psychodynamic Theories", Freud claimed that the contents of one's dreams reflected their feelings in real life. A lot of this stuff is related to sexual feelings and frustrations, and I dont know how old you are so this may or may not be appropriate! But Freud basically argued things like snakes and other phallic objects, for example, represented a penis etc.. . Hope this helps and good luck!I have heard that demons and spirits cause us to dream.Even with our advances in science there's nobody who can say what causes us to dream.I'm sure there are other mysteries but I don't know them specifically.Try reading the page at Wikipedia on sleep.I know a few things. You could try and do a project on the phases of sleep. Of course,you say mysteries. You want answers to mysteries or just mysteries,period, things that haven't been yet discovered?? I remember there was an article on msn about that, I think it's in health,but I don't remember exactly. You can make a description og each phase, I mean what happens, what are the changes that our body goes through and so on. You can even make a drawing about the way our body behaves in every phase. Do some more research on the internet, I'm sure you can come up with something. Good luck to you.
Not so good. The new insurance fiasco for the elderly is insane. However, I happen to support the idea of universal health care.They were not properly given the rights amd whats best for them,most of them were a victim of unfairly world!
Though women's body types vary from age to age the true marker of erotica stays very much the same. The breast to waist to hip ratio. Just live long enough; voluptuousness may be back.hollywood generates a stereotype that premotes skinny body types. So all girls try to copy it in some form. They don't relize that boobs, butts, and hips, need fat to mold and shape them. As far as the size of these things, that's genetic and every woman is different. But TV says that men want all women to look th same, and a straight, stick like women seem to win out, so girls try to fit the profile. I'm glad u like a girl with hips. That's refreshing. I do wish mine were wider, but I do relize that my hips are perfect for my frame.All womens bodies are different. I have straight hips but I make up for it in the chest area. while my best friend has practiacally no boobs and is very hippy. There is variety! Take your pickprobably because there are not any healthy people left. either they don't exercises at all, or they exercise only to become as skinny as possible. There are no normal people left in the worldplgov2, I feel you on this question.  Women aren't as shapely as they use to be.  The hips are gone, the butt is flat, and if there are breasts they're usually fake.  Now obviously this is not an absolute, but now there is either the "mom" body, or the little girl body.Society dictates that women have to be pencil thin nowadsys. No more Marilyn Monroe, Rita Hayworth, ava Gardener figures.. What we need are a few celebrities to say "No more dieting. I want a figure like a real woman". Once the celebrities set an example young women will follow suit & hey presto, real shapely women.True. I wish my hips were wider, it's just a matter of genetics I guess, at least for me.I have not lost my hips and am very curvaceous, men find me very attractive. In my opinion society finds  malnourished women attractive, and consider curvy women to be overweight. I am a full figured lean attractive woman, My clothes cling to my curves and give me the leathered effect. I am the perfect size 10 and have a hourglass figure, as a child I was ashamed of my curves, because I did not have a body that was in the magazines. It is still not. Young girls begin to diet before there development is complete and this has to have some affect on the body. The body needs certain things to grow and if you deny it neccessary nutrients  in search of a barbie doll figure they tend to stunt growth in other places. I also feel that if society stop putting so much pressure on women to have the perfect shape and look like barbie, and allow women to takt their natural predisposition and be healthy,  I think you and other men would be happy by the natural beauty of the woman.I still have my sexy latina hipsi still have sexy shapely hips!!. wanna see??lol ur cool and kinda true no one is a good shape any more its eather there bonier then a stick or shaped like a globe
not here there isnt.. pot is used for pain on ms patients and cancer patients it is used for depression and it is thought better than drinking.. it also has just been determined it is better to smoke pot than cigarettes as there is no cancer risk at all. if more people smoked pot there would be less fights wars domestic violence riots wars and stupidity.. you cant get addicted to pot.. but you can get addicted to booze.. the worst thing is you get the munchies.. god made pot.. did he make booze?? move to canada bud the social stigma is gone here.. and we do have the best in the world..lol dont worry i can send ya some down..We have William Randolph Hearst to thank for that. He feared Hemp and thought it would put him out of business since its more durable then wood. So he got into politics to ban the stuff.Because it is illegal and leads to more dangerous drugs. It hurts the brain and makes the user lazy and unambitious. Bad stuff.Well most of the time you start off smoking pot,and then your trying something else and then another drug until your so screwed up you don't even know what happened to you.I wish people would realize the effects drugs have on you are only short term and it takes more and more and more every time to achieve that effect.The stigma comes when you are good for nothing and lazy because your brain is so damaged from all the drugs you have done.If you think it's harmless cause it's only weed,THINK AGAIN!!!I can understand why theres a social stigma but in reality alcohol is far more damaging that smoking pot will ever be.social stigma is attached to anything which makes the grouping as a whole weaker. As social stigmas are gradually removed in all areas, one senses that one is not part of any organized group, such as states once were.. . . Do you like the tubes on FUTURAMA ? See the real world implementation here. http://www.hallisystem.bravehost.combecause people are ignorant & need educating in these matters. trust me i know.There is a social stigma about smoking marijuana because it is  an addictive drug that has no value whatsoever. It may make you "feel good" but that is just temporary.This is what causes the addiction. It is a psychological addiction caused by the need to make oneself feel better. This and the fact that it is more dangerous than tobacco is the reason for a social stigma. Marijuana may have 50% less toxins than tobbaco, but pot smokers hold the smoke in their lungs 4 to 5 times longer in order to absorb the chemical that causes a euphoric feeling in the user.Because it is illegal.  Simply the fact that it is illegal makes it a social stigma, since breaking society's laws happens to go against the way things are in theory supposed to be.. . If pot was legalized, well, things would be different.
The muezzin (sp?) gives his call to prayer from the minaret to the faithful within the sound of his voice.launching Pad for leaving the Earth one day....
Because they want to enrich their lives with knowledge and intelligence.  They enjoy being a stimulating environment with other like-minded intellectuals.  The joy of learning new things.. . Afraid not, it is actually so they can get a 'better' job and earn more money!well I'll be more honest than the rest of these people. College? you do learn a lot, you get to work at the snack bar, no more bitchy parents, free beer, lots of new sex, drugs, show-off how smart you think you are, flirt with professors...  It's a great time!To be more successful in life and to get better jobs to make  better living.American's NEED a college education to get a job that pays higher than the minimum wage.  We also need college because the lower grades have dummied the studies down so much, that high school graduates don't know enough to be employed at a decent job.Americans, along with most other people, have come to associate education with money. It is nothing more than their greed craving money, and thinking that it's the best, fastest way to get it. Those who aren't in it for the money just enjoy the knowledge, most of which probably would be studying the arts.so we get respected as an individual, and get paid a lot of money than the rest of the people. that is why we want a college education.Beacuse where I live, empoyers won't even llok at your resume if you don't have at least a BA no matter what the job is.
Probably they are happy that it didn't happen to them. This is actually a worldwide phenomena encompassing all religions, nationalities, races & gender. So, don't worry & be Happy. They will not change if you tell them to.Jealousy.. Envy.. Greed.. Evil.. . Those are the factors that make people get pleasure from others' adversity.Its very simple if I lose one you must lose two, this is their motive..it's called life.... . People are very jealous and envious, so they hate people that are successful...because that person is utterly unhappy and wants everyone to be on his or her level...and you know what they say curosity killed the cat...it's human natureCALLED =MORBID CURIOSITY . EVERY TIME WE DRIVE BY A BAD ACCIDENT  YA JUST GOTTA SEE THE BODcause we are baaaaadThat is a good question! I do not know why people would hurt other people and get pleasure from it! I know it happens and i know it can really hurt another persons Psyche and can do real damage.if the distress isnt to bad then i dont think its that bad,like if u see some1 trip up as long as there ok it is quite funny. but if ur sadistic thats a different matter and i cant relate 2 that.Some sick b*****ds out thereYou laugh when your nieghbor falls off of his roof... But you don't laugh when you fall off of your roof. What else can be said?coz its hilarious when ppl trip over! . . Its all to do with pleasure/pain theory, their pain = your pleasure!I don't find that funny, unless the victims have been fore-warned about the distress...It's called schadenfreude, and it seems to be part and parcel of the human condition!  I also agree with the respondent who said it's probably that we're relieved we're not in the same boat.
Justice doesn't fail.  Societies (via their governments) fail to effect justice.Unfortunately, the world is not just or fair. And it may be difficult to accept, but sometimes you won't be able to prove yourself for years or at all.Sounds like someone is pouting because he/she got caught and punished.Primary alternatives would be revenge, doing nothing, looking for a way to forgive and get on with your life.. If you spend your life with a heart filled with hate you are wasting your life. Find a way to just let it goIf someone of substantial enough influence feels that you've somehow slipped through the cracks of justice, they simply rat you out to all of the community watchdog activism groups.  Once they've done this, they sit back and watch, while hoards of misled, uninformed rednecks, bikers, soccer moms, business men, the elderly, gays & lesbians, college greeks, overlooked criminals, starving artists, military people, firefighters, off-duty cops, teachers, religious extremists, and last but not least, they throw in one beautiful meth dealing hooker to sabbotage everything you do, just in case the relentless harassment on the road isn't enough to induce a deep, painful, downward spiral of depression.  If you're like me, and already knew what it was, and what it's intended to accomplish, then it's an easy thing to ignor, and even consider something of a pleasant diversion on long drives.  If they target you, and you haven't heard of it, then you're likely to be driven comletely insane, to the point of suicide, which is what they collectively strive for in the first place.  The really disgusting part, (aside from doing it, just because someone else said so), is that a great many of them engage in this sort of terroristic retribution in the name of God.  I'm no Pope, but I do know that the systematic, and public persecution, harassment, and stalking, of an individual based on an imbellished rumor, by someone with an agenda,,,,isn't how Jesus intended for his devout followers to live life.  You see, even if they all found out tomorrow they've been sticking up for someone else's dirty little lie, nothing would change.  Too much time, effort, planning, and money, have gone into making sure that I get whatever someone thinks I've got coming to me.... And who's going to let something like the truth get in the way of a good lynching?  Onward Christian soldiers.  I'm getting up early in the morning, and as you know, there's just no rest for the weary!  Their entire system is based on a lie, so if you don't let them get to you, then all that they've done, will add up to nothing more than living your life, instead of their own, which is sad, wasteful, and utterly pathetic.  If you got too much justice, rather than someone's idea of not enough, then get a good attourney, and appeal it.  Take care, and God bless.
Door-n-wend.  It's very simple.If it's German, I'd reckon something like Deranvent.. If it's Anglicised, like your first respondent.. . Is it place, person or theory?
Because you didn't start out with a plan. You need a beginning, middle, and end, then you will get results.what do you mean? i dont get it? sorry.you have to ask your boss about that, you will not knowBecause you don't know what to do... You just wanna do sth and you don't know why.and wat were u trying to ask??
The same way "John becomes Jack.". . It just does!Elizabeth becomes Anne"William" becomes bill by removing the ending "-iam" and replacing the "W" with a "B."  Why this is so is beyond my understanding.  English is a weird language and some people just decided to make things weird (e.g. like driveway is for parking and parkway is for driving, etc.).  It should be "Will," and it often is.in linguistics, (which is my major) the sound of the letter "W" is same as the sound of "V" or its variant "B". So in old english (and german as well) the pronounce "William" as "Villiam"... over the course of history the shortened form of   "William" or "Villiam" is "Will" or "Vill" which led to "Bill" and is one we are using today.I think the more appropriate quere is "Why is there no Billiam?"To add to what thychael88 said, there's also history. . Fact: 'Old Bill' was King William IV, whose constables were an early form of police.  . Fact: Constables of the watch were sometimes nicknamed for the bills, or billhooks they carried as weapons.. . Those constables were Vill's (William) bills (police). I propose that this is the origin of the nickname Bill connected to the name William.he gets a name changeSame as James becomes Jim.Like Charles becomes Chuck or Robert becomes Bob--strange language English ay?'cuz short for William is Will. There's no such thing, in the American dictionary, as "Billiam", so Will and Bill are sorta the same, aren't they?Cause it just does, Y
There is a product, not cheap, but it WORKS.  Proactive. Spend the $, I'm sure it will work for you,  too.1)  Keep your hair clean and off of your face.  . 2)  Review and improve your diet--more fresh fruits and   .     veggies vs. sweets, fatty foods, etc.  . 3)  Touch your face as minimally as possible.  . 4)  Use a mild to moderate medicated soap (Neutrogena, .     Stri-Dex).  At night, lather your face with the soap.  .     Let it dry and leave it on overnight.  This will work   .     to dry the acne up.stop eating oily thing and stop eating dry Fruits and stop too much sex and your looking hot too.
Its related to enuresis, which is the same, except you have to pee.  I forget what your condition is called, but if you look up enuresis, you will probably find info on your condition as well. (encoppicesis or something like that) Its the way your brain tells your body to react to stress, and its not terribly uncommon.  Try to calm down, but stay near a restroom if you know you might be put in a stressful situation.  If you want the problem fixed, you'll probably have to see a psychologist for some conditioning.Yep, me too.That happens to me too. It's just your way of expressing your nerves.Happens to tons of people. It's something to do with nerves and the chemicals released in the body.  They speed up metabolism and so your body starts doing everything faster. Good luckSounds like you may have Irritable Bowel Syndrome.hahahaha thats funny! are you serious!!?? wow thats crazy!
how did u manage to write this question? (I thought ur keyboard was broken) :D...seems like u fiexed the problem!Maybe try to unplug it and that should reset the keys.get a new one there is no way to fix it if you don't have enough money do something at school or do a car-wash something like that
survivalit's a basic instinct prevalent in the male..that's why women should let the men do the pursuing..but don't run too fast ladies!because they are sad losers that have nothing better to do with their own pathetic miserable little lives and find it amusing to inflict gross amounts of pain and suffering upon defenceless little animals..personally i think they should be made to run through the countryside and be chased and ripped apart by dogs whilst still alive just for the fun of itBecause killing stuff is fun.a friend of mine hunts only for the meat, not the trophy.  the only meat he eats is what he kills himself and generally has enough meat to last until the next hunting season.Hunting makes you feel powerful.  Especially if killing is involved, if you ask anyone who has killed for any reason, and if they are honest, there is a rush of euphoria.  It's a primal reaction based on our need to be in control of our environment.  Taking a life equates to playing God and that is the ultimate sense of control.food, sport, for fun (EVIL I KNOW)!They like to play God. With all the meat for sale in stores, it is a waste to hunt and kill. It also has to do with making one feel like there something special to take innocent lives. You know, they get a high from it. It is nothing more then a bully tecnique. And the only way I see it, the only way a person should hunt is if they have no money at all to buy meat. There are people starving everyday. And when people hunt for the fun of it, then they are taking food from the ones who really need it.Sport
Moths eat stuff that is mostly high in protein when they can't get enough. That's why they eat wool and other cloths made from animal skin/ hair. That's also why you put cloths that you don't want to be eaten by moths in cedar chests. For some reason they don't like the smell.They think they taste good???It contains, nutrients, they eat cotton which prolly has some nutrient in it which they need
OMG! Get your act together!The Declaration of Independence was a document created by the American colonies to declare independence from England.  It was an expectionally bold move at the time.  Imagine it like if a group of states got together and decided to break from America and then become its own country.  The people who signed the Declaration were considered traitors, and could have been killed for treason if caught by England.
1.  a contributing member of society without hiderance.  No reliance upon support systems from Government, medicine, or church.. . 2. a fully-functional individual with understanding of their place in society, and the ability to convince, argue, contemplate and promote their position.. . 3.  experience1.I'll do it my self. 2.I'll do it for my self . 3.My self
Yeah, I work in a medical office and am clinical staff.  I don't have any direct patient contact. I manage the records and make appointments.  The doctors and nurses are clinical staff because they see patients.These actually sound like two occupational decriptors. Ina health facility, for instance, clinical would refer to providing actual direct patient care while administrative would be office work, planning, fundraising, supervising, directing and making sure the lights stay on fiscally.
It is important because we wish to learn how we all become the way we are i.e.  How the hell do we learn how to recognize something funny... sad blah blah.  What makes a murderer and what makes a good natured person.It's important because children are what will make up the future.
You don't.  Sometimes we have to have the courage to do the right thing even if it will inevitably hurt someone."We should just be friends!"I don't feel that way about you, We are only friends.tell him you are gaySuggest that you would select the life partner for him, 'a more suitable person', even if you really have no intention of doing so.not possible sorryEither way you say it, it's still going to hurt him. He'll get over it.TALK TO HIM.if he's ur best friend,he'll understand.b really gentle.are u very certain u want 2 turn him down?bcoz,as a best friend,even u r supposed to understand.i'm sure things will untangle themselves when u talk it outthat a hard situation, tough lucktell him that I'm not the right person for ya as wife I'm the best 2 be your friend don't take it personal but this is how i feel . are we cool here :)act really confused and embarassed in front of him and try telling him "this is all just springing up in my face and i'm not sure how i feel, i'm very afraid i'll lose you as a friend and in the same time i'm not sure about my feelings towards you in that way". then give him time. all the time being normal as if he never mentioned anything. he'll either never mention it again, or maybe he'll talk to you in a way that would defuse the whole situation like saying "i was relly hasty and i guess we're better off friends". on the other hand he might get really annoying and nagging, in which case you would have at least tried, then you can just say it to him out straight and in his face.He will be hurt because he has asked you to share his life with him and you are going to say no.  You can spare him a little pain and tell him all you find great about him and how the right woman is going to be blessed by that and that you pray the two of you will be able to remain friends forever, even after he get married or when God sends you your husband because you can not imagine your friendship not continuing.The important thing is that you do not marry someone you don't want to... not that his feelings will be hurt.  Prioratize, girl, prioratize... that's  what I say !!   :-)
Same here.. . Perhaps people equate security with their material comforts.  Nobody wants those taken away.  Liberty is a much more ethereal concept when compared to 16-ounce steaks and a Humvee in the garage.keep watching the U.S and see how it falls away, freedom is getting smaller each dayBecause it is easy to be a young idealist, but as an adult you have to learn to compromise and be practical.  All of western society is built upon the premise of controlling wild individual freedoms in exchange for security and safety of the society as a whole.Forsaken freedom is the price that we have to pay for our protection. Do you get concerned over paying a few cents more to cover the cost of more secure bottle capping on your over the counter aspirin, milk ? I never liked having to pay for the conduct of others at work but that's how it goes. You'll get used to it.Good question. Benjamin Franklin is credited with making the statement, "He who trades freedom for security deserves neither." Unfortunately, we americans are quickly becoming a nation of dependents, waiting for a hand-out from the government for everything, ie- New Orleans- post Hurricane Katrina.
Primal responsponse.  Without it, the species would not be here and you would not be here to ask the question.For the survival of our species, sex and everything around it are pleasurable.  Otherwise, humans would die out.  Even breast feeding kind of feels good, otherwise human babies would starve and we would die out. Formula have been around less than 200 years and then only for a limited part of humanity.. . Some non-humans don't need two genders to reproduce, asexual reproduction, humans do.basically- enjoyment and procreation. though it isn't technically necessaryit's a biological imperative. we're programmed that way.Because sex is a natural attraction and a natural need. Male and female are create one for other. The sexual need is programmed in our mind. It's something that can make us feel good. Without that, we could be seek, your attitude, behavior could negative and dangerous. We need sex. We exist by the sex. Sex is the source to generate life.It is a unique biological process that aims to the continuity of living.the life of man isn't affected by its stopping.The only time sexual imtimacy is necessary is during conception for reproduction, otherwise we Humans, just like Dolphins have sex for pleasure because we can and it makes us feel good about who we are and who we're with.It isn't, it is very desirable.It is about bonding and it is about procreation and it can cover everything from holding hands to cuddling on the couch to sexual intercourse.Who said it was necessary?For to perpetuate the Human Race.. . And, it's very nice to do.It isn't. Most people just think that it is. If you allow sexual desires to dominate you, you are more likely to make poor decisions when choosing a mate because you may only decide by how someone looks. You may be happy with them for a while, but if you realize you have little in common & once the initial attraction wears off, most likely you will going looking for someone else.. When you do not go by sexual attraction, you are able to see clearer & will be able to make better decisions. You may not date as often, but you are happier with the people that you do date.well, you wouldn't be here typing this question if men and women didn't have sex...God made it that way. Only to be shared by married couples.
you can hire people to do that and there are web sites to help you . the first step you should take is to "interview" all of your relatives (living ones unless you have a Ouija board)Start out with what you know - yourself, parents, siblings, grandparents, uncles and aunts, and so on. Ask all of those living and continue to build up the tree.. . Every document you can get will help. Birth, marriage and death certificates, church and municipal records, hospital records, county, town and parish registers, court registers, old newspapers, books, and so on.. . You have to be like a detective and use every clue to fill in and build the tree. Did your ancestors live in a particular town? Travel to that town and sniff around - you may come across some information. Did they come over from another country, try to locate passenger lists of the shipping company. There are many ways to get the information, you just have to be persistent, smart and creative.. . You can organize the information without software, but software will help, and also save you lots of time. There are a lot of software programs and websites out there, such as www.geneology.com, which can help out. Some of these sites have built up partial family trees. They also have links to other genealogists. Maybe you get luck and find that your tree overlaps someone elses. You can then share information and build up your tree faster.These may help get you started. You never "complete" a family tree, unless you trace each branch (all 128 GGGGGG grandparents) back to Adam and Eve. You get different bits of info in different places. Most people don't have 128 GGGGG's because people married cousins, by the way.. . http://www.cyndislist.com/. (240,000+ links, all cross-indexed.). . http://www.familysearch.com. (Mormon's mega-site). . http://worldconnect.genealogy.rootsweb.com/cgi-bin/igm.cgi. (450,000,000+ entries, of varying quality). . http://www.usgenweb.net/. (Subdivided into state sites, which all have county sites.). . http://ssdi.genealogy.rootsweb.com/cgi-bin/ssdi.cgi. (Social Security Death index - click on "Advanced".). . http://find.person.superpages.com/. (US Phone book, for looking up distant cousins). . http://www.ancestry.com/learn/facts/default.aspx?ln=. Surname meanings and origins. . Three warnings: . . There isn't a magic site that will take your name in and give you a 12-generation pedigree. Genealogy takes time.. . You won't find living people on any of the sites except the phone book one. You will have to find your grandparents' or great grandparents' birth dates and maiden names somewhere besides the Internet.. . The free sites are supported by advertising, just like TV. You can't watch the Super Bowl without seeing a beer commercial, and you can't surf for dead relatives without seeing an Ancestry advertisement. Don't complain about advertisements. They bring you the "free" sites. There's no such thing as a free lunch.type geneology in2 a search engine on the net or ask in your library
Which "indian" civilization are you asking about and what does "civilized" mean by your standards? I'll get back to you.the use of agriculture and did they use irrigation? hmm.... very clever
Generally someone who is lying will either have a pulse rate that rapidly increases, even it levels off, or rapidly decreases, even if it levels off.  But it may only take 1 or 2 seconds for the rapidity of the increase or decrease.Their pulse will race. Hold the inside of wrist and feel. or you can just feel their heart pounding. Give them a good hug.I think it goes more by the brain waves,. . Chris,. http://newxbox.net/when someone lies, the brain is conscious of the actions.. Guilt rises.. Lying may also induce several other emotions that causes ur heartbeat to increase.. . so... normal pulse.. when you lie --- increase in speed of pulse.. . cheers!
Buy a baggie of chronic bud. Buy some rolling papers. Go to town on that stuff.It could mean anything that you share. . A house or flat, joint ownership on a mortgage for example
The average temperature of the earth is 1 degree higher than it was 100 years ago.  Seems like the glaciers are melting so we should all have more fresh drinking water!It’s too complex to answer because every change effects another thing. For example, if the ice caps melt, the first thing you can come up with is that the sea level rises. It would mean that coasts get underwater. However, it also reduces the salt concentration of the sea causing species to extinct. As a result, the food chain looses it’s balance and even more species extinct and who knows where it stops. The temperature of the water changes, therefore currents change. Hurricane Katrina was said to be a result of this... etc. And this was only the water, and far not every possible aftermath.. We’ll see what happens and try to survive.Carbon dioxide and other air pollution that is collecting in the atmosphere like a thickening blanket, trapping the sun's heat and causing the planet to warm up. Coal-burning power plants are the largest U.S. source of carbon dioxide pollution -- they produce 2.5 billion tons every year. Automobiles, the second largest source, create nearly 1.5 billion tons of CO2 annually.okay so its to do with the ice caps malting but what about the people who don't live near the coast .. what will happen to them people
I can imagine my self, let's say, being the first to enter outer space without protective gear. My knowledge, however, tells me otherwise. Yes, imagination has no bounderies, endless possiblilities, while knowledge keeps us grounded into reality.Basically if you can dream it, set your mind to being it. I have two professional degrees and no paid job. I focused on my hobby Creative Writing and I have now been offered a place in an anthology and regular columnist work for cash.. . Just dream big and stay determined.Imagination has no boundaries, unlike knowledge, which limits itself to facts.
Men don't like to express their thoughts or feelings toward other people.  They tend to keep it inside .  Some men just go on with their lives like it didnt effect them or some bottle it up for soo long until something "huge" happens and they explode, which causes them to express everything they have kept bottled up inside.Many men do not think about relationships at all.Because men generally do not care what others think.. We are generally concerned with taking care of our families.who knows who cares its just the way it isbecause men just dont care...they're not as insecure as most of us are...cuz guys dont seem to care about what girls think, yet girls care alotWomen are the true hunters in relationships.  But, when it comes to movements they are like spiders sitting in webs. So they need all this feed back to see if there is any prey. Or say they are like flowers -- I have been having my troubles with women.  My main point is that women go about finding a mate in different ways than men do.  Well, so maybe it seems that we don't care what you think.Not to sound sexist but probably because women spend more time worrying about issues (small or large) then men do.Women are more cautious about their reputation and how men see them, but on the other hand men are just glad to have women around.
you surely don't have to be on crack to be curious. but, are you, to ask such a question??And no one is avoiding the question..they are probably having a hard time finding an answer to it..because they aren't on crack. and im sure someone will know, someone on crack may be...just wait and watch.hello!!!!!!!!! is that brain of urs workin properly!!!! send me a scan report..
Ill try.ok you were hungry for sex and had sex for the sake of it with someone you dont love and I take it you even had orgasm and got up and went.  But you still want more.  I think in the event you had sex with someone you really loved and yearned for and reached orgasm and can cuddle and fall asleep afterwards you will be indeed be satisfied. Otherwise you may have a psychological problem.sex is more upstairs, in the mind, than just physical sensation. that determines how much or how little one enjoy sex.if your parents actually parented you, you would've experience what we with souls call "basic human connection". but you're obviously a "t.v. baby", incapable of empathy. its ones like you that make the world suck a little more every dayoh  oh oho hooooooo      hooooooo  ah ahaa haa ahah aha ooooooooh  ahhhhhh  eeeee    yyyes   yes  ahhhhh!  thank for the points & all the good timeSex is more about babies, not satisfaction. You need to find a reason for having babies.Sex is only truely satisfying if you can communicate with your partner. ;-)Clearly, you have mixed sexual satisfaction with love satisfactions and mixed up several different needs, inlcuding mental and emotional and spiritual needs. Each of your needs operates independant of the others. It is possible to be physically sexually satisfied and not meet any of the other needs. It is also possible to ejaculate once or twice and not be sexually sated.I think you have a problem right now.
"He knows, Doctor, he knows." -- City on the Edge of Forevertrouble with tribbles episode. Scotty had beamed them all somewhere else. ...it was no tribble at all.Captain Picards occasional, and all encompassing order...."Make it so".Dammit Jim I'm a doctor not an escalator.... . Dammit Jim I'm a doctor not a bricklayer.... . I think there was a third but I can't recall it.On Attitude --. . Scotty: The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank. . . On Women -- . . Spock: I've never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question. . . Capt. Kirk: Spock, the women on your planet are logical. No other planet in the galaxy can make that claim. . . Oh slamming your buddies --. . Spock: It would be interesting to impress your memory engrams on a computer, doctor. The resulting torrential flood of illogic would be most entertaining. . . Bones: You have a point, Spock? . Spock: Yes, doctor, always. . . James T. Kirk: There seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere...
About 3- kinda goes along with the right and wrong but I would say almost up to 5 to really be clear about it.. Cause Kids always can convince themselves they NEED it thanks to TV.Darn. I was going to say the thing about "adults" -- and you cut me off at the pass. :) . . But honestly, that's the point: Even grown-ups have trouble distinguishing between the two. So kids will be all over the map.. . I have three kids, ranging ages 8 through 11 now. They are all different temperament-wise, capable of different levels of analysis not just by age but by personality.. . Still, even the eldest (high IQ, very perceptive and analytical, long-term big-picture thinker INTP on the Myers-Brigg) has trouble determining what he "wants" versus "needs.". . The youngest is simply more decisive a person by nature (INFJ, probably). She'll tell you what she think she needs, but still often at that age, it's just "wants" masquerading as needs. She just sounds more sure of herself.. . The middle child (blatant ESFP) thinks all of his "wants" are "needs," so he's no help there at all. His entire life, he'll probably struggle with misindentifying his "wants" as needs.. . Psychologically, you can set some age as an arbitrary limit, but personality I think contributes greatly to how quickly and accurately we learn to perceive what we really need versus what we would just really like to have. . . Parental guidance and example can probably help speed the process. Maturity also helps. At some point, we start looking for stability and self-understanding rather than in some external experience or temporary fulfillment.Oh...no smart answers....nevermind then.18 yersWhen this is figured out, I would love to know.  I don't think it happens for a LONG LONG TIME!!!!!!!according to psychology the children start understanding the meanings and differences which are little complex and related to general socio-moral-cultural judgments after the age of 12. but for me i think we never really understand differences between need and wants...our wants are needs and needs are there as it is.
It may seem that way because it makes the media here.  Stories from other countries don't make the news here as often and this can give the erroneous belief that the US has more serial killers.  Its the same thing when people say that all serial killers are white men.  This is a fallacy promoted by the media.  That theory was blown to bits the the snipers on the east coast!"Australia has the highest number of serial killers, per capita, of any country."cuz we have more cereal than other countries;) LOL. I heard the latest cereal killer recently finished off a whole box of Cheerios;) LOL. . Seriously, it's mostly due to broken families, neglect, lack of proper discipline, and various types of child abuse that creates these monsters throughout our decaying nation.Everybody is too uptight here, in Europe everyone is easy going.Because it is so damn easy to get hold of a gun.  In the UK, the only people who own guns are rich country gentlemen who hunt birds.THE MEDIA could be one or the fact that America is a melting pot so serial killers can consist of any race known to man....TV. You just hear about it more. We have news outlets that tend to sensationalize everything, and present only bad news. "If it Bleeds, It Leads!"I think its because we invest so much into the study of this area, we have the resources to back it up, technology and monetary. Not that the rest of the world if lacking by any means, but also maybe we just don't focus on other "peoples" problems.we don't, the overseas killers know how not to get caught and they don't have some mommy complex that wants to be punishedhow am i suppose to know?
The Sant Mat (there is no adequate translation of the expression Sant Mat, literally the 'point of view' of the Sants) was a loosely associated group of teachers (sanskrit: Guru) that assumed prominence in the northern part of the Indian sub-continent from about the 13th century. Their teachings are distinguished theologically by inward loving devotion to a divine principle, and socially by an egalitarianism opposed to the qualitative distinctions of the Hindu caste hierarchy and to the religious differences between Hindu and Muslimi'm not sure.
traits do transfer from generation to generation but with varying amounts and qualities. Environment, cultures and living conditions are key elements in building or devastating one's personality. A person having good facilities, given quality education, received proper grooming and bringing up from parents would certainly be different from the one deprived from all these environmental factors.You can take the boy out of the country, but you can't take the country out of the boy...unless you beat it out of him.. . (Sadly, I'm a living example of this.)
The Father of my nation..India.. . A man who fought a battle( Indian Independence) with a stick in his hand and a determination in his heart.he is important because he led the people in the Independence struggle in india and was a role model in the fight against rasicm as was the case of his struggles both in south africa and india.. i think indians giv him a little too much respect.. fine, he is the leader.. but to call him father of the nation and worship him?Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi is his full name. He is considered as father of nation by Indians. He became famous for non-voilent ways of getting freedom. He is most important figure in Indian freedom struggle. His ideas are studied and appreciated by many scholars of his time and he is source of inspiration for many others eg. SUU KI, Martin Luther King Jr, etc . . His methods studied as Gandian way is considered to be as best way to for creation peaceful world.he changed india by making it independant from the britishMohandas is his first name and Ghandi is his last name which makes him , himself
I concur with Don.  Up here in Yorkshire the stone is the same colour as in Bath.  We also have houses made with sandy coloured brick as well as red.. . Don...shame on you.  Bath is a city...it's my hometown...hahaha  I'm from Combe Down originally.Not all are, but Britain has large resources of clay Stone, which make red bricks.. . I'm from a town called bath where lime-stone bricks are used they are a sandy colorThey aren't, it depends where you go. There are hardly any red brick buildings where I live in eastern central Scotland. I think you get them more in parts of England, depending on the geology.
It depends on the lady in question, remember all women are different and what works for some is a recipe for disaster on others.. As a general rule simply listen, the art of listening to someone is a skill that everyone should have. If you want to find out more about her, listen to clues... - ask her what food she likes, then say you were once in a restaurant near (say London or something) and they serve great food there, then following this ask her out. Dont be immediately straight to the point. Listen and learn from what she says and use that to your advantage, if she says she likes Italian and you take her for a chinese then it is a clear sign you havent listened to her.He can simply say,. woo-woo-woo!Very simple, start listening to her. Put down the remote control and start paying attention to your lady. Bring her flowers or leave her notes in places that she never suspected. If you listen well, you should be able to pick up what she likes and dislikes.  . . Good luck!The art of conversation one should learn to be successful it life.Be honest, be tender, and talk to her.women like guys that treat them like shit.  so do that.Simple acts of kindness. Listening to her and showing her that you heard and remembered what she said. You don't need to buy a dozen roses... one will do. Call her unexpectedly and say "what are you doing right now?, lets take a drive" then bring her to the beach to see the sunset, or go and get an icecream...then tell her you just needed to see her face.
Meterialism has never destroyed anyone if it is outside you, if it gets inside you then no one can help. always maintain a good ratio of income and expenditure. just look out see how people below your social order lives.have time for others meterialism will stay outside.Because there is no end to it. It is like a fire that consumes all and begs for more. It's life's blood is the sweat of our brow and the calluses of our hands, ever slaving away to feed it the stuff of our very lives.. . On the other hand, materialism the philosophy is well respected and holds many answers to tough questions.Because there isn't enough for everyone. And people die so a few can have more. When the resources are gone, so shall we also be gone.BECAUSE ALL YOU SEE ON TV IS BLING BLING, PIMP RIDES, HUGE HOUSES AND THAZ WHAT EVERYONE WANTS.
It's a mixture of both heredity & environment.  Mostly environment, I think.  Psychologists have done studies on identical twins separated at birth who re-unite after adulthood & discover several similarities (proof of heredity) but even more differences (proof of different environments they lived in).some human attributes are inherited thru genes... some are molded thru influence of the environment.... . . can't actually answer the "what" since there are a lot of possible influence... . . . but the "how".... well, both heredity and environment greatly affects personality...thus, results of psych tests, like ur personality inventory, are direct results of the indivdual's nurture and nature processing stage....Ah, nature vs. nuture.  I was just reading that the children of criminals, drug/alcohol abusers, and other deviant behaviors stems from heredity--even if the child was put up for adoption, and never met his biological relatives.. . Of course, environment has plenty to do with it.  The way one is raised, one's peers, etc. is very influential.. . Wish I could tell you more--next semester.  :-)heredity 40% environment 10%  other especially your good will 50%.
Never ever litter, PLEASE! Also, encourage others to do the same.Seattle very big on recycling.. Separate garbage from recyclables.. Separate glass.. All in separate containers.. Seattle shooting for 60%.. http://www.ci.seattle.wa.us/util/Services/Recycling/index.asp. . Recycling very good and not hard to get accustomed to.. I do yard work for friend....I compost as much of the yard waste as I can.....I got two piles going......one pile I keep under a tarp just to start composting process.. And A composter to complete the process.. . Its all good.. Seattle pretty clean city.do not use aresols, do not kill insects animals or people there is a purpose for all that exists. use it dont abuse it.Recycle. Don't let the water run. Pick up trash. Take newspapers to a recycling center.  Don't put chemicals down the drain.recyle homie g. volunteer your time. google for ideas. garbage is a big deal w/ the "anti-pollution" folk. maybe you should reconsider. its not that bad. you can find cans in alot of garbage cans and take them to local can return type places. u get money for it :D. oh its so worth itMumbai! Wow.. . Well, I know nothing about Mumbai, but may I venture to say that, if there are no recycling facilities there, you could write to your representative politician asking them to organise recycling facilities for you. Also, just start sorting your rubbish out anyway. If you teach your neighbours and friends to do this, at least you will be building awareness about environmental issues. . . Then, just take practical steps, like being exact about boiling water- eg, if you only need a pint of boiling water, don't boil two pints- that's wasting energy. Don't leave lights on for longer than you need to, just try to lead a moderate life in all areas.  . . I think becoming vegetarian is a good step to take, because vegatables take less land than livestock to produce, and the land they grow on is not spoilt- compare with the slash and burn approach to clearing land for livestock in some parts of the world. . . So 1- Campaign for recycling facilities and organise local waste sorting anyway- it's practical in many ways. Also, reuse stuff if you can.. . 2- Limit energy use- it all must come from somewhere.. . 3- Become vegetarian.. . That's about the best I can do, sorry.use my pad paper or the like wisely. papers cme from plant fibers... it would mean lessening the risk of using up our green resources.recycling and not litteringStart by not bathing and deficating in the Indus, then try and convince others to do the same. Use a toilet to poop and pee.by recyclingSince mankind is the main contributor in destroying or harming the natural environment the most practical answer I can give you is to support and encourage BIRTH CONTROL.Switch off your vehicle when waiting for a signal at-least for a minimum period and then when you are in conversation.I HAVE NO IDEA your city ordnance in India.. don't the city have a place to but your garbage there like a simple dump.. == meaning a place to dispose of your trash.. were do you keep it they need to met up with the town council... and ask them to put in a sanitation system were you can take your trash...Sell it to ur Raddiwala,i guess they sell them to the Recycle plants.Not sure though.by using microsoft recyclebin :)recycle and don't litter. Also don't drive if it's possible to walk. Smoke (even cigarette smoke) damages the air. And I guess arosol cans damage the earth somehowSince I have been living in China, my wife has educated me to the system of recycling. But it goes much deeper than that, it is called helping China. Lei Feng is a famous man of the early days of Chinese Communism. According to his teachings, if it is broken, fix it and use it. If a screw, nut, or bolt are on the ground, pick it up to be used. If it is trash, separate it and make good trash. By the way, it does not gain much money; but it does gain self respect and a feeling you have done your part.Eat off the land and continue riding your bike to work in your computer office.  You help the environment by continuing to exist premitively.Stop breathing! Carbon Dioxide is bad for the environment.You simply can help by getting together with other several people that share your idea and make the invironment cleaner.Recylcle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!by volunteering in the communityRecycle, Use a paddle boat instad of an engine boat. Try to walk instead of drive when possible, have integrety and care about other people and all living things.Be considerate, not wastful, use things that doesnt harm the environment...use natural rather then processed man made substances!please dont trow trash in grondsKEEP YOUR SURROUNDING CLEAN.conserve energy e.g. by eliminating leaks like water. practice 5s, housekeepingEat your wrappers and garbageGlobal problems require local solutions. If there is no company or governmental agency in Mumbai that handles recycling, you may be able to take some sort of local action. Get together with your neighbors and ask them how they would feel about getting some community recycling project together. It might also help to find out if any waste management companies, or local dumps, have provisions for recycled materials.. . You may also want to do research on other cities in India (e.g. New Dehli) to see if they have any recycling or other environmental programs in place, and what they do. This would be the most practical way to begin, and you will hopefully find contacts who will understand your local concerns.. . Just about everything is recyclable: newspaper and other untreated paper, bottle glass, steel, polyurethane and polyethylene plastic, aluminum. Organic material can be used to make compost. . . In the U.S. and Europe, many product containers show special symbols that indicate how they can be recycled. Some products are harder to recycle because they contain toxic materials. . . I expect that there are resources in India that will help you. Good luck.
I know more about myself than anyone else does.  I know that I have a good heart, am a good mother, an animal lover, and I know that I only wish good for everyone in this world....I also know that I am a good friend!All I need to.That we humans are the most unpredictable element in life.Not too much.
Perhaps it is eight different arms reaching out to the world.To keep down the population of bugs.Spiders are associated with the most primitive and ancient fears in the human mind, everything dark and unknown and therefore threateningOften times I hear of spiders representing fear or death, but i really don't see them that way.  Spiders are quick, may be considered assassins or killers, they're stealthy and resourceful.  I hope this helps some?SPIDERS DO HELP KEEP THE POPULATION OF OTHER ANNOYING BUGS LIKE MOSQUITOES AND FLYS DOWN SO, THEY REALLY ARE HELPFUL TO US HUMANS EVEN THOUGH ALOT OF US DONT CARE FOR THEIR USEFULNESS.
People need to know and understand the development of a child and the stages that children go through. Too many people have no patience for children because they dont understand them. I think if more people understood child development there would be less of a chance of "accidental" abuse. Even though I dont believe that it is possible to be an accident I do believe that when a person's temper runs short they dont pay attention to how it affects the people around them, especially kids.someone who knows what's normal in a child at a certain age or stage in their development is more likely to see what's missing or wrong with a child early enough for the problem to be treated to the best effect.  I'd give anything for someone who knew what Asperger's Syndrom was and looked like to have been able to see my son when he was younger--may have saved us all precious time and heartache in getting him the treatment and training he needs to continue to be successful.Your question presupposes that it is important, which has not been established.. . What is important is for parents to study those who have raised children successfully. No lab coats or double-blind protocols needed.to know how and why we are the way we are. to be able to help the poor little kid who got abused as a child become as normal as possible as an adult. to make sure leaving a child with crappy parents wont permenalty damage the child, becasue they have nothing better to study, because with out knowing how children develp we will never be able to blame anything on our parents.By studying child development researchers can provide clues to current and future generations as to the workings of growing minds therefore enabling educators and parents to apply the research in ways that bolster and support such development. Environments, curriculum, and learning materials can all be adjusted to obtain optimum results in learning and maximum stimulation and fun for children.
set it on fire, if it burns, guess it WAS real. give it a try!Senses, perception, logic, and such.REALITY is what you perceive it to be; it's not the same for everyone.It's time for you to take a philosophy class at a local college.I believe that what you can see, hear, taste, smell, feel and scientifically prove are the  realities that our weak physical bodies and limited understanding can comprehend as reality. It doesnt take another person or a class to tell you what is real. examine your reality, your surroundings, yourself and conclude with your analysis. think outside of the circle.think within your circle. "Just don't use hallucinogens as tools to discover it." they are liars.your asking this question is a real and what your expecting from me isnot real.It's all about the Matrix, dude!Plato's major philosophical assumptions: his belief that the world revealed by our senses is not the real world but only a poor copy of it, and that the real world can only be apprehended intellectually...
The terrorists used bigger planes.The size of the target.The main difference is a formal declaration of War between two nations.Kamikaze (??) is a word of Japanese origin, which in the English language usually refers to suicide attacks carried out by Japanese military aviators against Allied shipping towards the end of the Pacific campaign of World War II.. . Air attacks were the predominant and best-known aspect of a wider use of—or plans for—suicide attacks by Japanese personnel, including soldiers carrying explosives, and boat crews (see Japanese Special Attack Units).. . Since the end of the war, in 1945, the word kamikaze has often times been applied to other varieties of attack in which the attacker is sacrificed in the process. This is a wider variety of suicide attacks, in other historical contexts. Examples of these are the proposed use of Selbstopfer aircraft by Nazi Germany and various suicide bombings by terrorist organizations around the world, such as the September 11, 2001 attacks. Hyperbolic usage also includes non-fatal attacks which result in significant loss for attackers, like the end of their career.. . The September 11, 2001 attacks (often referred to as 9/11 [1]) were a series of coordinated terrorist attacks upon the United States of America carried out on Tuesday, September 11, 2001. That morning, nineteen men affiliated with al-Qaeda[2][3] [4] hijacked four commercial passenger jet airliners. The attackers crashed two planes into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in New York City, one plane into each tower, causing the collapse of both towers within two hours. Hijackers of the third aircraft crashed that plane into the Pentagon in Arlington County, Virginia. Passengers on the fourth hijacked aircraft attempted to retake control of their plane from the hijackers, which crashed into a field in rural Somerset County, Pennsylvania. Approximately 3,000 people died in these attacks. Affected property owners and their insurers incurred billions of dollars in damages.Kamikaze was a group in the Japanese military exclusively. It's not a generic term for suicide plane flights.If you're talking about the actual suicide bombers, the only difference I see is ethnicity.simple answer . .  T A R G E T & P U R P O S EKamikazi attacked military targets, not strangely unprotected national symbols.The attitudes involved are very closely related...the Divine Wind Pilots were religiously dedicated to thier cause much as the current suicide bombers..It trulu does come down to the belief systems influence on the individual...I do agree with the idea that military vs. Civilian targets plays a role, however that would mean the strategic bombings carried out by the Allies in WWII could be considered terrorism, the Bombing of Dresedn being the prime example
Being psychic does not mean that person would know who exactly is going to come . so you can still surprise. May be two three of you can go one by one and you be the last.IN GENERAL.... someone who is psychic cannot foretel such a thing as a surprise being given in their honor.. so I say. go for it... the psychic will be surprised...by telling them that you knew they knew what you were thinking.and why aren't they all lottery winners, eh?Exactly the same way you would surprise anyone else.Buy two gifts. Tell your psychic friend that you wrapped both but cant remember which one was their gift. Ask them to tell you what is in each package. If they guess both right then they earned both. If they cant guess either one then they arnt much of a psychic are they?No ones psychic abilities are so good that they cannot be surprised!Man, I knew you were going to ask that!   But to answer your question, just act more suprised than they are.Be nice to them... that's always a pleasant surprise.  :-)My mom is a professional psychic.  It's remarkably easy, you just veil your thoughts around the surprise.  I'm 32 years old and I still surprise her all of the time.  You'd also be amazed at what I got away with as a kid!
Other than checking bank balances, it would not be easy. Of course, if you want to get into demographics & mathmatics, you can catagorize people by where they live and what job opportunities are available.. . Can you go into a bookstore and pick out a great book based on the type of cover it has?  Imagine putting 100 people in a room, all dressed in jeans and t-shirts.  Could you pick out the poor ones without delving into each person's background individually? Not an easy task.If you want know who is a poor person,a poor person is someone who has a job that he/she earns little money that's not enough to cover all their basic life needs or someone that has no job at all.If you mean you want 2 identify or know a poor person walking down on a street it's simple to know a person in need(poor)as people are in different social classes they are always found in their class(low class).Poor people are those who dont ve opportunity to work and earn. So its very easy to recognise. If i dont ve work, eventually i wont b having food 2 live, so i m poor.you can form groups and help or a rich school can build a poor school and educate themPoor people can be recognized often by health issues.  Since they don't have the money for food, it can be seen in their bones, teeth, and many other health problems they have.Look at socio-economic status, or income. Find out what the poverty line is for your state. If people/families make less money than the poverty line, they can be considered to be in poverty, poor.
cultural seperation, maybe the things that set one culture apart from another? Like religion, language, custome, ect. It is just a guesse though, I don't really knowSomeone who is
Extortion never ends once it starts. The only way to stop it is to tell the truth. You will end up doing this in the future, so you might as well do it now.Admit the gory deeds of your past to everyone as if they were a joke: even exaggerate them and embellish them like you were the Napoleon of crime, so then the blackmailer will have no power over you.  Good luck.What do they know about you that's worth extortion? Go to the police... unless it's something illegal you've done.Git something on them...you know...do unto others as you would have done unto you.Break into the person's house and rip up those pictures of you drunk and sprawled out naked on the bed with three hot women. BEFORE your girlfriend gets a chance to find out.
I agree with prigdon. I personally do not believe in Darwin's evolution theory man has adapted to his enivornment in many ways but to say we are directly evolved from apes i find that hard to believe which makes it ironic that my college major is Anthropology.Modern human beings (people on the earth today) are of the species homo sapiens sapiens, originating some 30,000 to 50,000 years ago. Some give an earlier date. The species homo sapiens is dated from 100,000 years ago to several hundred thousand years ago.because it worked.. . excuse me, i'm going to admire my thumbs now.Darwin's theory does not say we evolved from apes.  It says apes and we have a common ancestor.. . Why are there so many lies told and deceits practised by proponents of creationism?  What do they have to hide?We killed off the other species.  the Neanderthals and other such.I like songbird's response and I would add that it takes man many thousands of generations to see significant changes.  If on the other hand man breded as fast as say bacteria or fruit flies, we could see changes in a matter of as little as ten years or so.  Unfortunately, mankind has only been studying this phenomena for a less than a hundred years--since Darwin. Keep your eye open because in the next few years we will see genetically engineered species--probably small cold blooded things first followed by small mammals.We can and do interbreed.  We have great skills as far as acquiring territory.  Sucks for every other being on this planet, but works for humans.  Eventually, our resources will collapse or a plague will occur.because that's the way God created us...Oftentimes species are created when a population splits for some reason--perhaps a storm blew members to a deserted island.  Over the millenia these creatures adapt--let's say that the parent population, ie where the creatures came from--were tree-nesting birds.  The population on the island has no trees to nest in, so they adapt and nest in scrub, or on the beach, or in rock crevasses.  And maybe their color starts to change due to mutation.. . After several thousand years, the scrub-nesting birds and the original tree-nesting birds meet.  They won't made because they won't recognise each other as the asme species--they look too different, act too different.. . Same for humans.  The last of the Neandertals died out about 30,000 years ago and Homo florensis died about 10,000 years ago; modern Homo sapiens haven't had an area where there is no gene flow for thousands of years.  (You can see some environmental adaptations; for exampe Alen's aw and the Inuit and !Kung) Perhaps this could have happened in Australia, the Americas, New Guinea, Europe etc.  had it not been for mankinds desire to travel and conquer foreign desitnations.who caresWho says we have?Humans are forever evolving. Everything new that we learn contributes to this, and it is a slow and subtle process. YOu wouldn't really notice much of a difference unless you travelled thousands of years into the future!
It is different way of countroling behaviour of people and to help them. Two separated methods of psyhologyGroup therapy gives participants opportunities to give each other feedback and learn from each others experiences. Participants in a group often have similar presenting issues, so people can feel less isolated knowing that others have similar problems. Individual therapy gives the client more time to focus intensively on their own issues. Outcome research suggests that group and individual modes of therapy are about equally effective overall.in  group  therapy you are with               more people they are talking about there problems and you can learn from others . and it is cheaper . individual therapy you are alone ,you have your privacy,but it costs much more
It gives you omega-3 and helps with estrogen.it also lowers your cholesterolIt is oil pressed out of actual flax seeds. It is good for your heart and your immune system.  It is a good source of omega 3.
I did it..and it has nothing to do with my vocation. It's important to understand what is developmentally appropriate for children and how to deal with and teach them best. If someoone is a parent it's best to know as much about their children as possible and not merely count on their past experiences as a guidance tool. Even if they are not a parent, they should understand children and help contribute to assimilating them into society appropriately.Because most of them will one day be parents.Most will become parents at some time, raising children isn't easy you only have to think about the cases of abuse & neglect you hear about plus families aren't as extended as they were years ago so there isn't the amount of help and advice there used to beI think it's important because it shows all the responsibilities of being a parent and may discourage teenagers to have kids early. I took the class and it was a crazy experience. that helped me decide to wait to have sexits important not only because many will become parents at some point but they will also deal with kids at some point or another. they need the knowledge to understand and know alll the milestones and what to look for. by looking i mean, if they are behind in growth, whats "normal" growth, and when its a cause for concern. students need to understand the full responsibility of being a parent. its not cheap or easy. it is getting used to another being, not putting yourself first. they need to take the course in child development for knowledge and understanding of children.Because people dont know how to be parents these days. its to improve their knowledge of parenting and not to do discusting things to them.It's just a course that you need to take whether you decide to have kids or not. You will need those skills at some point.
According to King Solomon in the book of Ecclesiastes, "The conclusion of the matter, everything having been heard is:  Fear the (true) God and keep his commandments.  For this is the whole (obligation) of man."Beyond all recognition:It is whatever you make it out to be.. . I say it is a balance of work, family, love, hobbies, good health and happiness.According to the super computer in "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"  Yes it is 42...if you're a mouse...aaaagghhhhaaaaaaaa.Learning, Love, Hope, Success, Faith, Failure goes on and on.... . . At the end of it all, Its simply comes to the fact of realisation. Realise that the whole process is just a repition.Life is a multi-faceted concept that may refer to the ongoing process of which living things are a part or the period between fertilisation or mitosis and death.a good roast beef sandwich, mashed potatoes & gravy--optionalimmortality.The goal of life is whatever you perceive it to be within the context of being the best you can be at any given moment -- mind you that is the BEST you can be in THAT moment -- for the greater good of all involved in that moment.42Life is a school where you are given opportunities to learn and evolve. Like any school, the goal of life is to graduate. This goal is the meaning of life. If you don't learn the lessons of life well, you will not graduate, and, after your death, you will have to return to school to do it all over again, and again, and again.
Ahhh you have indeed come a long way grasshopper, thats the eternal question. Indeed, what does make them merit special consideration.Thats a ridiculous question. It doesn't take much time to put a seat up or down so whats the big deal anyway. Furthermore I keep the lid down in my house just for the sake of looking better so everyone has to take their turn of putting it up when using it. Fair enough....Just because it looks better than leaving the toliet open - even without the whole male/female issue - which is another good reason - it is just common courtesy to put both seats down. . .You're right it is a double standard and I've lived with many men and women and never had a girl complain about it. And as another answerer stated, it's true, ask a plumber, when you flush bacteria (fecal matter) spreads about a three foot radius around the bowl.The lid on the toilet is there to limit the amount of fecal coliform bacteria sprayed into the air when the toilet is flushed.  The lid should be down at all times when it isn't being used, and should be closed before it's flushed.Most women want both lids down, that way people don't walk in to an open toilet. Also, they can fall in if the lid is up and they aren't paying attention. I just ask it because i want the bathroom to look nice when people walk in.Uhhh... stupid question. WOMEN PEE SITTING DOWN, THEY DONT HAVE TO PUT IT UP. They want you to put it down 'cause when they go to sit they fall in the bowland have a wet butt.One night go to sit down and have the seat up when you butt hits that nasty toilet water than you will know. STUPIDI was taught to place the lid down when I was finished, as a matter of common courtesy to women.you are right. . . i grew up in a family of 4 boys and 1 girl...me.  toilet seats were always up.  . . my husband, however, likes the actual "lid" down.  for a long time, i didn't take note of that, and never put it down.  then, one of my brothers moved close by, and was out our house frequently, and never put the seat down.... . i realized what a thoughtful person my husband was.  he NEVER does that.  so...if he likes the lid down, so be it...i always remember to put the lid down.
what do you mean?  like the symbol or something?  oh, and its zodiac not zobiacthe correct spelling is Zodiac, Horoscope. . For september, its VirgoVirgoim a virgo my b-day is in september but i think it depends when the date it falls on im on the 13thno, you need to know, with a k. . and it's zodiac, and the astrological sign for september is Virgo.mostly virgo i think upto the 21st then it changesAugust 23-September 22 is Virgo and September 23-October 22 is Libralook it up
Structural or construction ceramics are terms that have not yet been standardised, referring to materials that in some way must withstand mechanical stresses, bending or pressure for example. The concepts industrial and engineering ceramics have practically identical meanings.I have no idea, maybe something to do with potery? Is there a certain job you need this for. Try google.probably something totally unnecessary to the survival of the species...sounds superficial and supercillious and surplus to the human condition...do we really need it?
your english isn't very good.  you should probably take some time to learn to express yourself more clearly.do what feels rightGo to:. . www.livecareer.com. . Take the test and see what it reveals.. . NOTE:  Please learn to use the spell checker.  Perception is everything -- first impressions do last a lifetime.get married first. . as soon as u can. . everything will fall inline.. . u sure will be programmed, do what is supposed to be done,etc
Be friendly, that is all there is to it.  You wouldn't believe the number of strangers that talk to me!be brave, and mighty forces will come to your aid!. You have to get over your fear of rejection.You shouldn't be intimate with people, you should be intimate with a person.
There isn't an actual disorder in the DSM (Psychologist's diagnostic manual) called borderline schizophrenia.  If your doctor diagnosed you with borderline schizophrenia, than I guess you have symptoms of schizophrenia, but do not meet the full criteria to warrant the diagnosis.  . So, you may have what is called Psychotic Disorder NOS (Not Otherwise Specified), in which you have psychotic symptoms, but not to the magnitude of full schizophrenia or symptoms that don't match any other psychotic disorder..Me: I don't know. The other me: I don't know either.. The third me: Will you two shut up? I'm trying to watch TV.It's when you FREAK OUT, with one foot in mexico and the other in the USA... of course!  :)Dont know i'd have to ask me myself and Iself explanatory.It means you are on the borderline of being schizo.You took a test, correct?It's not quite schizophrenia.http://www.schizophrenia-help.com/Schizophrenia_and_the_Borderli/schizophrenia_and_the_borderli.htm. . hope this helpsAll these answers are incorrect.Is this a joke site or do people actually give true answers?Having a Y cromosome makes you borderline schizophrenia.borderline schizophrenia - schizophrenia characterized by mild symptoms or by some preexisting tendency to schizophreniaLots of good sources here:I'm not sure, but it sounds like anything else that is borderline, meaning they have schizophrenic tendencies, but are not being classified as a a full blown scizophrenic. Scizophrenia is a difficult disease to diagnose.
I think it is because if a person is not happy with their life, they try to make other people lives miserable. If a person is happy with their own life, they don't have time to make others miserable and will have a positive attitude toward others.BECAUSE THEY ARE FREAKS. THEY SHOULD BE KILLED IN CONCENTRATION CAMPS LIKE THE JEWS.what is a wonky eye?ahahhaha because it is hilarious!!!I don't think they get treated like it's their fault, however I tend to wonder why they do not get it treated. I was born terribly squint and I had two corrective eye surgeries by the time I was 2. I now no longer have a squint.Because people are inconsiderate of other peoples feelings and I wish that all of sudden they'd go blind or crosseyed!
Example. Russia-USA cold war was won by America by applying economic sanctions and restrictions. Where Irak's war with all the bombings and fighting has not been enough to convince iraquies to change to our brand of democracy.Economics has a better way of killing people and you don't need a gun or bullets. Plus commerce and trade always has more allies that armed men.Economic strength will give you the means necessary to make a strong military. With economic prosperity comes the ability to build a larger, better military.The more economic strength you have the more military strength you are able to purchase, the two are forever linked, for good, or for bad, we will always be stuck with this dilemma.
It's different for everybody. Some people find it earlier in life and some never will.The meaning of our lives is the continuation of life.life - when you encountered trials and suffering, sickness and health, happiness and soroow and even more.....that is life!!I think the meaning of life is to follow our who aspirations (what make use happy) and the chooses you make determines the type of place you'll go in the end.....Big "G" just wants to find the good eggs from the bad eggs and the ones that at least try live in harmony together on an island somewhere above, and everyday is a day in paradise!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait!!!!!!!!!42To worship God and Live Life to its fullest no matter what ups or downs comes your way!Take a good, long hard look at what means the most to you in your own life. Hanging onto these people, things, and concepts are what 's meant  for you to do, if these are what creates for you a spiritual sense of happiness, fulfilledness,  peace, productivity.some of the most brilliant minds in history didn't get it, what chance have a bunch of net nerds.think we were brought here....to get one.. keep seeing people on here say.... get a life ( not to me )I dont think anyone knows!The meaning of life, to me is to live it to the fullest, live each day as if it was your last and hope to leave your mark on this world, even if it's only with one person.There life only because there's death.. Life is the contrast of death.. We live life because we don't wana be dead.Why does there have to be a meaning to life?life is about fighting and struggling... Life is unfair but we are given the freedom to decide in every challenge that we take... Life is about learning from our mistakes and enjoying each moment of it until the end.We were made in GOD's image, so as a creator, HE made us as creators.  HE wants us to multiply and be fruitful.  This is not only meaning to expand the human race but also create and re-create who you are.  And since there are many fascets of you, you are able to be whatever and whoever you want to be - just create your self as many times as you want.  So when you grow up, you do not have to be only what you wanted to grow up to be, once you do that then be something else.  Variety is the spice of life!The meaning of life is to live life to the fullest!. To be thankful for life!. And to show your apreciation to the one who made youRemarkably, it seems to involve turnips. I know; I was disappointed too.Follow the Lord, He has a purpose for you. He would love reveal it to you to. If you sit down and ask Him and listen for Him to tell you.everyone has a diffrent meaning! u just have to find your own! =DMaking people smile.. . Spread that happiness.. . Simple, see?To get to the point when you can say "If I die today,I don't think I'd have to live again" and just to be able to look into the mirror and be proud of what you see there!Life is a gift,that we take for granted...unfortunately!If you don't like religion, then don't read these things dummy.LOL...cute answer, croco!. . The meaning of life is. . 1. To get a body. . 2. To follow the Lord's commandments so we can live w/ Him again.Live your life fully.  Make it useful to others. DO NOT waste any time. Help the needy in all the ways you could. Learn contentment. Speak politely with everybody giving them a hope of life.Life is Gods vacation from being omnipotent .I am soooooooooooooooooooooooo incredibly sick of people answering with religion, please try and be individual, u people are warped by the bible it is a book not law unto its self!!!!. . dd i don't have a problem with religion i am catholic my self i am sick of people using religion as a n answer to everything, that is all so mind ur on dam business mateTrying to find it... that is what life is all about.The point blank meaning of life is to reproduce and pass your genes to the next generation, to keep the species going, and to make it better for those that come after us. If you notice that in the animal kingdom, mainly insects, once they mate and guarantee that their genes are passed to the next generation they dieyou where put here to experience all things and to decide whether you want to live again or burn
Love and hobby's.*. . Set a goal to reach for that will keep you energetic if this does not work try Red Bull energy drink:~)happy. well do what you like. go out and take walks to clear your head. dont try to think of bad things, it isnt smart.. . to be energetic you have to express your creativity. people are sometimes stupid and dont understand how the human mind works so they say things that only make it worse.Drink beerfigure out what is meaningful to you and what you like to do. Then start to do that passionately,,
I think it makes perfect sense.it will weed out the truly devout from the unstrong.not at all.. you have to know that the author is mixing real o true issues or topics with ficticious ones.. . Faith is untouchable is it real faith!If you truly believe in your faith you would leave the movie alone and let others have their entertainment. You fought for the passion so it would be released, let this one do the same. All of your hype is only promoting it more anyways....If a work of fiction threatens your religion then you religion is pretty weak.  If you're Christian and didn't already know the historical and biblical fallacies in this book your religion is worthless and your faith is nothing more than brainwashing.
It's all those people that can't think for themselves anymore.  It's the media manipulating people on a very subtle level and since most people are too lazy to even consider these things they just become robots.  Well, that's what i think anyway.Huge industries like the car industry replacing human workers with robots. Robots could be programmed to do all machine related work like assembling.
with the girl i lovesmile all the time - then the buggers never know what you are actually up to>I don't understand your question that good but I already have everything I want but I think everyone is happier if they were  all millioners don't you thinktry yoga and pranayamsSet goals and work towards them, do good things for other people, accept other people and don't try to change anyone but yourself and avoid life suckers (people who don't reciprocate your efforts in friendship). Oh, and always use good manners.go for a run every morning at 5.30 am and watch the sunrise. watch the sunset with a partner. . i only wish i had someone to holdFirst of all think positively. A positive attitude would make you a happier person. Then DO NOT hold any grudges, since they just make ur haeart heavier. Also, make sure you treat others the way u want to be treated because u can get respect by doing this. Think: the glass is always half full! :)Practical:. Help other people (takes focus off of you and you get charged by lending a hand). Exercise and eat right (taking care of your body and the chemicals it produces takes care of your mind. Read John in the Bible...you realize that you are made with a purpose and known by that "great power" that most every human thinks is out there, makes me happy to know I'm watched over and given instructions about good ways to live and treat otherslook for ur negative qualities n try 2 remove thm n sacrifice for others n as u move on it will make u happy by seein ppl arnd u happy bcoz of u
try meditation, also seek professional help. you are a shy person. i was also when i was young.practice makes better.Get angry and fight back.
may the time you ask i wasnt available31, I am in Manchester, England. (It is not a state,It is a city!)sorry i'm buzy answering other questionA funny question is itself an answer for youWhat is your first question before this? Maybe a stupid question...Hey am so sorry......i will when you post a question the next time.. Hugs.. Handy.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. . Linda perez, . I don't think you should be harassing and upsetting a pregnant lady on here.i read the messages she posted .that is really weird of you.. maybe you should quit saying she is mean and take your own advice and BE NICE and let it go.you can't please everyone. and having sex with her husband isn't wrong.that is just strange that you think it is.im not trying to be mean to you. just seems you are being really petty and harassing someone. it is rather childish to be honest. sex while she is pregnant is normal. it sounds to me like you have some very deeply ingrained jealous issues or maybe you feel really lonely or something, don't take your anger out on a person on yahoo answers. take a tae bo class or somethin instead. i feel bad for her. ill report you too if you don't cut it out. . also, i read all of her posts....she is actually a pretty nice and courteous woman.I don't see anything wrong with her having a sense of humor.-----you should be careful because you can get in a ton of trouble for harassing someone like that. i know u said she said mean things over email but you emailed her FIRST. so you caused her to get mad. my advice is let it go and quit acting like a baby.u first ask a proper q. then people should tell answerare you asking the right questions?LINDA ok il remember ur name.D nxt tme u ask,il answer them. Hope to see ya post.
what r u asking?give cardsay welcometry asking him in his language to make sure he understood!!good luck!!just ask? where do u live? laws differ....
because it is frightening to actually realize the YOU are in charge of your own existence and not some invisible creature above or below that you can give credit to or place the blame on. After all we are all Go(o)d and(d)Evil. That is why /we all need something to believe in.
Probably air.  I love it so much, I can only go about 30 seconds without it!My vehicle...I went without for a few days last week and almost went nuts!!My mind. Sorry I tried to think about something and I really can't. I could live without everything.my mind cause it's the strongest part of my body...of ANYONE'S BODY...without it we would be dead even though you can still be physically alive. It doesn't matter if you loose arms or legs or you have no feeling in your body, your mind is the most powerful force on earth. If the body was the most powerful thing, then Christopher Reeve wouldn't have fought for stem-cell research, he probably wouldn't even have lived as long as he did.. . As for material things...my laptop cause I love technology and I am wicked interested in computer security.pot its the only thing that calms me downCan't live without my Casio "Digital Diary."  It has my schedule, all sorts of reminders, memos, hundreds of telephone numbers, etc.  But it's getting old, and they don't make them any more.  :(My Ipod...I need it ..I would be lost without it....i can't live w/o my toothbrush coz' i always want fresh breath.the one item i would not be able to live without is money. and the reason is, with the exception of life which is not an item; i will need money to buy me a house, food and clothing to survive in this world and of course all the luxuries i would want be it a cell phone , laptop , bed..........everything boils down to money!PrincessNonoThe internet...and access to it...whatever computer I am on, all my files are stored out on the web and I can get my faxes, phone calls, watch TV, play games and coordinate my schedule...I don't know how I ever survived without it.my hair !. every girl looks awful without hair on head.. they're an important part of your beauty and personality.. i hope u agree with me.my dog!!!!!!my coin necklace. just never go anywhere without itdefinately my viberator as cant get satisfation any where elseMy car i'm on the move alotbrain, stupid brain! (Homer Simpson)My cane.  I have MS, so without it, I'd be falling all over the place.  Amusing to see, but not so much to me.Probably laptop. Like lots of other people :)the computer cause it gives me a lot of things:music entertainment .......all in 1My hair straightner. cuz my hair is really curly and i hate it!My dog.  She makes me happy when I'm down and she keeps me healthy by making me get out and exercise.material item..... . lol - impulse answer -- my computer. . real answer -- probably my cellphone.  because it keeps me in touch wiht my friends....lol....and it almost can do all that my computer can do....minus the programs I have on my computer.It's not that I can't live without it, however, my name is a clue.  How about you?Pen and paper.. . If just ONE....pen.Since you said ITEM...instead of saying my beautiful puppy, I will say my laptop. I watch movies on it, listen to music, download funny clips, keep in touch with friends, apply for jobs, use AIM, i have found lost money on the internet, look up news, weather EVERYTHING. i dont know what i would do without the INTERNET(or my laptop)///My painkillers,I don't function without themHair straightenersbooks because I need to feed my mind frequentlyIt's not an item, but a someone.....much better than things.. If it were things....it would be my computer.Heart....toothbrush. i would die if i didn't have it.My letter from my dad.my nose drops . Cant sleep or breathe at night without it.
what is APA style for writingHere ya go -. . IVCC » Style Book . Style Book. Table of Contents. Communicating Effectively · Grammar · Proofreading Strategies ... American Psychological Association (APA) Style .... . http://www.ivcc.edu/stylebook/ . APA Style | Electronic References . Provides an excerpt from the 5th edition of the APA Publication Manual focusing on commonly asked questions on citing electronic media.. . http://www.apastyle.org/elecref.html . Writing Tools . (hint - see APA stylebook) 9. Throughout your papers use APA Style, including cover page, quoting and citing sources, and listing references. .... . http://www.missouri.edu/~commpjb/comm104/Writing_Tools/writing_tools.html . Demystifying APA style. . Published in 2001, the fifth edition of the APA stylebook contains 440 pages and can overwhelmIT'S A MORE FORMAL WAY OF WRITING , AS IN COLLEGE PAPERS, COVER PAGE, REFERENCES, ETC.It is the citation style used by the American Psychological Association, but is widely accepted in other areas. . . Wikipedia can summarize very nicely, and exemplify its usage:
Maybe you've been to places before that are extremely similar. Maybe a quality of the place which you are visiting reminds you of that place to which you have once been.I could say De javu but that would be different. Maybe it is because you actually have been to that place but you couldn't remember because you were just little when you went there or that place has the same image as of the places you remember going to or maybe you have just dream of going to that place or you were having an imagination of a place and is similar to that place you have been. Anyway, It's your choice.Can you say Twilight Zone? Actually I have experienced that feeling also, but all the explainations I have heard don't sound plausable to me.they call it deja vu and it's all mysterious blah, blah, blah.  but then a neurologist might give you the scientific explanation.  it's like this, you've SEEN this place before.  but when?  i don't know the true speed of this, but something like one nano second earlier.  the picture has already implanted in your brain so that a nono second later when you apprehend the sight, smell, feeling or whatever again, it's all familiar.  does that make sense to you?. . anyway that's supposedly what is happening neurologically.
Start listening to ABBA.Start with Hi, then smile. Ask the person about the weather, or sports or some show. See anything you have in common with the person? If so that would be a good way to start!well all i knw is- "where there is a will there is a way". just try n be move and more outgoing and one day u will be what u wanna be !!. cheers
Because you have intuitively realized that he is not one to brag about the subjects he IS insightful and knowledgeable about and at the same time you take comfort in knowing that he will not try to BS you about a subject, few as they may be, where his experience is limited.. . Fire away and hold the sugar.  I'm on a diet.Anything's possible.
the idea is.... if we understand that everyone is different, with their own backgrounds and cultures and beliefs... that we should then respect everyone on an individual basis.  everyone is different, yay.  diversity is supposed to help us not look at people through stereotypes, but whatever.diversity is a yearly immigrant's quotas or lottery released by the states governmentIt works by ensuring that there is no Majority  Rule--just a bunch of minorities. So, tyranny  can't get a foothold.Oh yes it does,. Case in point, "Look at the Blacks, hispanics, asians, chinese, all polarising into communities, ghettos, etc. etc. LOL some philosophy u have palIt doesn't.  "Diversity" is a code word for quotas.  True respect for individual rights would be colorblind.. . The following is added in response to the modified question "knowing about diversity" - . . It still doesn't, for the same reason.  "Diversity" as it is practiced is code for including (or excluding) people based on what GROUP they are members of, and not what they are as individuals.  It assumes, for example, that there is something called the "African-American viewpoint," or the "Hispanic viewpoint," or the "lesbian viewpoint," or whatever - and assumes that by including members of these groups, you have achieved diversity of outlook.  The underlying assumption is that any member of that group can be counted on to have that group's desired characteristics.  . . This is the OPPOSITE of individualism.  It ignores the individual's identity, and focuses instead on the group's presumed identity.  "Knowing about diversity" just means that you've accepted that way of thinking - and taken yourself a step further away from seeing individuals as individuals, and not as interchangeable members of some group.  . . We will be closer to "individual rights" when we can stop having pissing contests about "group rights," which is what "diversity" quotas are about.
I know exactly what you mean, do you want to answer some of my questions? They're not all sensible, I think most of them are daft.Sense of humour is one thing ,like sarcasm or wit.. . grossness,repetitive ,boring ,idiotic is anotherI'll answer a silly question sometimes but then again, a lot of the time I just can't be bothered.  It's not about having no personality or sense of humour.  I have a laugh down the local with friends but sometimes you need to be serious.  There are people from different religions, humours, countries, etc. and people who are just plain annoying or totally thick.  It's then I can't be bothered to answer.some people just don't know how to not take things seriouslythere are enough people who are SINCERELY stupid, why the heck would you try clogging and holding back other answers??  . . or maybe ur jokes need tuning. try phone pranks or somethingProbably because every question you asked is based on homosexuality and you trying to pick up guys. That gets kind of old. Why can't you just go to a gay bar like your dad?Silly/funny/off topic but intellectually stimulating questions and answers are fine. It is when people start to discriminate against other races/genders/religions that things get dicey. Straight abuse is a waste of everybody's time and should be avoided.Some people aren't aware that they now sell sense of humors at Walmart!They're probably tube fed, like Terry Schiavo was.. If that's the case... their time is coming.
Stop waiting for some quick fix. Do some push up take some martial arts lessons AND GO GET YOUR HUNK OF THE FRICKEN WORLD!    AND YOU RYI-KYO Get your skinny arse over here and start suckin!Put on a front.Being macho isn't everything; in fact, it's usually a sign that a man is lacking in another department.Demonstrate confidence in yourself.  Be assertive, but be correct in your assertiveness.  Being assertive when you're wrong is called stubborn, and it won't get you the respect you're looking for.huh? i hope i answer this im a bit dumb... your "friends" are getting you in trouble eventually.. maybe their first impression of you were un intended?. idk im dumb.
It is when children are able to interact with other children.  They learn to share, play games, carry on conversations with their peers, get along, and learn that all people have to be respected.Social child development would be referring to the socialization process that a child begins to undergo from the time they are born. It is how they learn to behave and interact with other people in their society.Social Child Development is how well the child does in social settings. Shy children have never been exposed to the type of social setting to open them up or....
Psychology is the study of mental processes (in both humans and animals).  Psychotherapy is one form of treating mental disorders.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychotherapypsychoteraphy is part of psychology. psychology is a broad subject that covers behaviour, personality , mindset, blaHow many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?. . Only one, but it takes a long time and the light bulb has to be willing to change!
When I was ten I was assaulted by a man who later went to prison for abusing his children.. Forty years later he is an old man who still goes to my mum's church and sometimes I see him there, I sometimes wonder if I should go and say something to him, or maybe tell my mum who is now eighty years old, that he did this terrible thing to me when I was a child.. I think it will go with me to my grave and I will let God be his judge.Telling my Aunt that my Mom had died.  She died two weeks later.I am still trying to think of a way to tell my mom that she can't blame other people every time something goes wrong in her life, on her job, and in her finances.The most difficult thing I've ever had to tell anyone was that I was sexually abused as a child.  It's also hard for me to trust anyone enough to tell them how I really feel.It is very difficult to tell someone that they aren't what you are looking for as an emloyer when u know that they are trying thier best. I own a small business and have had to let a few people go just because they aren't what we needed, even though I liked them as people and I could find no fault in their effort or in their commitment to the job. To tell someone that they just aren't good enough is very hard because it really hits them where they live. Anyone who has ever been cut from any kind of team or tryouts can attest to that. All your life you are told that hard work and commitment is all you need, but in essence, there needs to be a certain amount of God given skill as well.
because they are simpler and never sold with any defects. american cars have more parts and arent always checked for defects.Accountability.. . It's like saying "why do Mexicans build crappier houses?", when Mexicans have as much building skill as anybody else. The people hiring them want quick and cheap.. . People build what they are held accountable to build.. . Long ago, the Japanese recognized that success in automotive manufacturing relied on quality, while American manufacturers still played the "looks good, lasts 3 years" philosophy. (they believed to make a long-lasting car would HURT sales--if a car lasted 6 years, you'd sell half as many at a higher production cost!). . The gap has closed, and the consumer is the winner! God bless capitalism and Toyota!I believe that while this was true of older cars, the line between reliability is getting closer to each other. American-made cars are getting better all the time.. Another reason I believe this, is look at the type of cars they are, and how they are driven. For instance, who is driving a Toyota Camry, and who is driving a Ford Mustang. . I'm not saying all Mustang drivers are abusive, but a lot of them are more 'performance' oriented. They love to drive, they don't mess around, etc.... The Camry driver is more concerned with getting where he's going, but not in hurry. He bought the car for long-term transportation, and he's not going to ride the brakes as much, or push the gas as hard.. I think most of it depends on the way a car is treated as to how long it will last, not necessarily the brand.Only compared to fuel consumption, on the other hand American Cars are better on all scalesThey are not....just another belief amplified by product of society.  Unless your trying to tell me that the world power is not capable of producing a quality vehicle. After all, America is the country that gives every other their technological information through international trade.because they are more efficient so they consume less energy, less gas, more friendly to environment.It was true more in the past than it is today.  American cars are still behind in quality but are closing the gap.  In the past the big three car makers had control of the north american market, they could make shit cars and people would have no other options but to buy them.  But competition came from companies with attention to quality, and the american companies didnt take the threat seriously at the time.japan has a greater work ethic then america there for they build superior carsBecause Japanese car makers don't use union workers. Union workers are lazy, good for nothing, shiftless cry-babies, who want everything under the sun for as little effort as possible. Japanese car makers have managed to keep unions out, therefore their workers have to do an honest day's work for an honest day's pay, and it shows in the final product.I've never really understood this, but American cars are just junk. Plastic, looks like the door is gonna fall of, tacky looking junk. You'd think American cars would be best in the world.. . I guess Japan (and Germany) just have higher standards of engineering. Sad.better work ethic, greater commitment to quality and engineering.The Japanese make their cars w/ a STANDARD of reliability and "shelf life" if you will.. . For example, a Civic is now rated to last 400,000 + miles before engine failure as long as preventative maintenance is done to the letter.. . American cars are manufactured w/ much less in standarized production.. . For example, I drive a '98 Ford Mustang GT....and I'll consider it a blessing if this thing lasts over 150k. Especially w/ the consideration that I drive the heck out of it...I run a business route from NY to VA quite regularly...lots and lots of mileage added on quickly.. . It's a gas hog, it's hell on parts, and it's an absolute bear to keep at full operating capacity.. . Suffice to say, I'm never buying American again....it'll be strictly German, English, Italian, or Japanese.. . American cars are garbage...we make 'em fast, and we make 'em tough....BUT...we don't make them efficient, we don't build them to last, and we don't make them ergonomically suited to a LOT of driving (i.e. fuel to mileage ratio.)I think the most reliable "Japanese" cars are made in the USA.. . The R&D departments and the quality control of the Japanese car-makers have succeeded in increating a higher quality product.. . America can do it better...........whenever they want to BAD ENOUGH.. . The whole model for Japanese industrial accomplishment is American in design.Japan is really advanced in technology and they have better machines and things like that.Because they R better than american. Long time ago japanese have taken american's car and remaded them for better. And also they r using new technologiesU already know the answer, but U want 2 see what others think about it?!. OK, american's should not have started making cars in the first place. Even though American's made the first car every they still suck. And I think it's because Americans are always trying 2 make a dollar. They but cheap parts and sale for big bucks. Foreign cars are made of quality parts. They believe in quality and being fair. They want U 2 get what U pay 4 so that U will keep coming back. And I think they won because everyone knows the american car horror storys.
Well, I am not rude, I treat others how they like to be treated.  I am a very sensitive person whos feeling get hurt too easily so I assume everyone is the same as I, though I know they are not.Cos other people like yourself let them to be rude.Because they are dorks.why are people so nice...?Because no 1 is perfect & you just have to be rude to stupid people.because it is easier for a person to be rude, than for them to be polite.people are rude because if you think in a +ve way they are jelous of you and your successand whateva thats good in you!. and in a negative way because they want to snach away! all your happiness by acting rude and ruining your day.. also one more reason can be that they are mean from their birth and dat dats  their habbit to prove themselves aboove all (which they arent) i guess youve got your answer!To make them feel better about themselves. They have a low self esteem so they have to bring someone else down to make them feel superior.because humans are weird. we react differently to things than animals. like if there's an emergency we all scramble and that's how they all die. some will just do nothing and die. if a disease spread the people who aren't sick will go to the doctors and the people who are sick will just stay home. i think humans should be taught to react more differently at things and be more organized, sophisticated, and peaceful. i think the the world shouldn't be a division of people, but a whole. the whole reason why were divided is because of difference. i dream of a world where everyone is together and everyone excepts each other for who they are. the world is at peace and everyone is equal. so i think people are rude because they want to get the last word in, or they hate you, or they live around rude people, or they just think they're cool.shut up..just shut the hell up!which people?.Because this is a place where the spineless picked-on types can get away with saying what they cannot regularly say. I wish these people would say things that they have said to my face but then I'd be no better than them. There are always going to be a bunch of idiots out there who don't know how to conduct themselves.i know, it really gets on my nerves, especially on the way to and from work everyday!Because,the people that they are rude to let them get away with it.  Imagine if someone was rude and and got talked down better than they could talk them down?.    You teach people how to treat you.
I think MOODS have to do with one's personal state of being regardless of external stimuli while EMOTIONS tend to be reactive expressions caused or responses to stimuli.. . I can be in a mood, for example, even if everyone else is happy but when I am told a really good joke, I feel better... which is my emotion.mood is the way u feel at a particular time, and an emotion is a strong human feeling such as love and hate!!Mood is how you feel ; Emotions are what you feel.A "mood" is a feeling, an "emotion" is a condition related to something, such as, I feel happy when I see my child running. A mood can be much more complex, and very deep to the point of describing depression and or suicide. An emotion, however, is much more superficial and is varied.Mood is a persons disposition at any given moment.. . Emotions are how a person handles or reacts to their "mood"Looks like there's a good answer there, but I would say its just another term.
I agree with Emmylou.i dont fake it and what are u talkin about fakin orgazim or just fakin them selfs ?? add more details plzLet me tell you why I, personally, fake it:. (Occasionally, of course. I AM capable of the real thing.). 1. After a while, we just get tired/bored/sore and want it to be over with.. 2. It's difficult to come without direct clitoral stimulation. Sometimes the guy want a position that doesn't provide this, and we must either fake it or take matters into our own hands. . 3. If the guy thinks we didn't come, he gets all insecure and then we have to hear "Isn't it big enough? What, don't I satisfy you? Are you sleeping with someone else?" Blah blah and all the other whiny crap. There's nothing we dread more than having to soothe a bruised male ego. It's easier just to fake it.. I will add, however, that an "experienced" guy can certainly tell the real thing from faking. The vaginal muscles contract very strongly and rapidly during orgasm and this is near impossible to fake.depends on the woman. Faking it is just something us women do to make the men feel like they have accomplished something. My boyfriend says that he would much rather feel like he needs to try harder next time then be lied to.I would hope I would never have to fake it.Very good at it. I have to say personally I've done it when I know its my fault that the sex is not where my head is at. I am worried about bills, or kids, or I am too tired to have started this in the first place. My husband loves me and I feel he deserves a response. Gosh, that sounds cold but truly it happens rarely that it is needed.
If a child is set to the front of the classroom they have a better chance of seeing and hearing the lessons.  If a classroom is set up with group tables or desk's pushed together the children have higher chance of chit chat and misbehaving as well as more opportunity to copy and share answers.The teacher could not at all times pay the same attention as she does to those seated in front unless she/he has a few students unlike here in my country, we usually have 50+ students in each section. Possibility is that those at the back could not understand some parts of the lesson or if they are irresponsible, they'd enjoy being there and not listen to the teacher at all.What arrangements do you mean? Like where in the classroom they are? If that's what your talking about, I think the ones in front have the advantage of learning easier.a lot of the times students who sit in the front pay more attetion and do not get in trouble as much because the teacher is there to watch them. Students in the back usually talk,pass notes, or get low grades because they don't pay attention. This could be because they feel no one is there to catch them unlike the students in the front row
just like me they long to be close to you.....on the day that you were born the angels got together and decided to create a dream come true... so they sprinkled moon dust in your hair and golden highlights in your eyes so blue....Ahhhhhhhhhh close to you....Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, AAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...  close to you..... . . I just wanted to join in on the fun.  I love that song.Umm...you mean every time you are near birds, why do they appear? This seems a bit redundant don't you think? I except to see birds appear when I am near them I dunno about you...because. . just like me, they long to be close to youit's probably coz we never really notice everything and closer objects often catch our attention. Especially when it makes a sound and is alive!Just like me, they long to be close to you.. . Or you could look for an answer from the bazillion other people who've asked this same question on Yahoo Answers:. . http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=AjaOyclh1zo8b020WhNYK2oezKIX?p=birds+suddenly+appearmaybe they want to peck you in the eyeThat is one of my favorite oldies.... . Because he's so close to you.  . . Now, I am asking you this question.... . Why do stars. . Fall down from the sky?If you are not near how do you know they don't appear?Because I wear birdseed in my hair.. . Of course!too much acid
so that strippers can pick their uniform easier!To answer both questions, a tassel needs to be at or near the top so it can polinate the silk, or female, parts of the corn. If the tassel were otherwise located, pollination would become difficult or non-existent, resulting in its extinction of a very fine vegetable.  Not being corny here, but here's to the tassel!the tassels are the corn plants bloom. fruit and vegetable plants must bloom before they produce their bounty.
Basically respond with, " That is a racist and sexist comment." Then report them to Human Resources. Do not get angry and yell obscenities because that lowers you to their level.Tell him exactly what you think! Dont hold back anything, because Im sure he wasnt holding back on anything that came out of his mouth. Approach it the same way he did. (I dont know if it was a male but either way) Im so sick of racists fools! Tell them like it is!! Just straight out!!!Those types of comments are made out of ignorance and insecurity.  Hold your head up, be the bigger person, and don't even dignify the remarks with a response.do not validate anything with a response,in your head know that this is an inferior idiot you kinda pity somewhere in your head or find amusing how clueless this idiot is and how they manage to make it thru the day sometimes. never take them seriosly and just laugh in this insignificant persons face if you do anything at all. say have a nice day if you say anything in response to being called a c*nt and sincerely smile at a retard who has no power to manipulate your superior mind into rewarding this behaviordepends on the race of the person.. you had better educate that person on that particular race and point out the flaws in the racist's race.i do it a lotBe subtle and laugh at that person. He or she deserves to be laughed at for their stupidty.Define your position legally and build a strong plan of action based in law. Decide what you want to happen and make sure the law and administration in your situation supports you. For example, if this is a problem with your co-worker, go to the HR department. If your business is smaller, you may need to seek help from a government agency.When I run into a person like that I look him in the eye and say, "I am offended by what you just said. Kindly keep your ignorance to yourself."There is no graceful way to respond to a bigot, and the longer you hang around them, the more angry or intimidated you will get. Just respond calmly, 'Oh, is that so.' Not angry, just disbelieving. 'Oh, really.' 'Hmmmmm.' Don't encourage them, and don't agree. If they force you to say something, say 'you have your opinions and I have mine.' That way they shouldn't be able to take offense - though if they're racist they probably will. (You can't win.)Then act boring, so they won't miss you, and excuse yourself.Thank them for proving their ignorance.say "i am a hollow reed. wind passes through me as though it's not there"... then go kick his ass.. . hehe no seriously half the time racist comments are there to provoke and irritate you. Also, maybe if it really bothers you make a point of proving that there are exceptions to every generalisation, even if you disagree with the generalisation he/she has madeBe constructive. Try to approach the person in a postive manner, but be firm. Let them know that these comments make you uncomfortable. If that does not work, then go over their head. Almost everyone has a boss above them. Good luck!think off some really slick witty come backs but dont take it to far do you want to sink to there level? . this is now a matter of pride dont let them get away with this kick there ass if thats the only way to get your point across . good luckIf people aren't really affecting you, I usually just ignore them as it's not worth a fight, and they're real stupid and won't take anything on board.  But if their actions were affecting me I'd try to get them into trouble.  If it's someone at work, report them if your boss is okay.  Just ask if they have any idea of what they're talking about and what makes them think they can talk like that.are you sure it was racist? or was it the truth and you did not want to hear it? . .  truth hurts ....If you have to see or talk to this PIG on a regular basis, JUST IGNORE HIM...do not stoop to his level. Is he says something to your face, just " slightly smile", and walk off.  If you have the means $$$$$, go take Karate or Hapkido...if this PIG begins a physical confrontation...this is the moment to TAKE HIM OUT...one should try peacefull ways if you can..and if you cant..then Kick a..Why give them the courtesy of a reply?
Have you ever had a conversation with yourself?. You ask and your alter ego answers.Its when you change from a human being to s super hero. The super hero form is your alter ego.its like how superman and batman change from one person to a hero. the hero is their alter ego. its a different side of the person.It is being able to have the advantages of Split Personality Disorder without being institutionalizedsomeone who acts different in different situations like supermanWhich one of us are you asking to answer?Another side of yourself.  Facets of the alter ego personality are not permitted to be played out in the main personality sometimes.   An extreme of this is shown in a movie where the alter ego turns into  a dangerous personality with animal characteristics for example.answer found belowWithout a doubt, I believe your question has validity. But with that said, it will be necessary to check into my archives of linguist thoughts on this particular subject matter, to ascertain as to the best and most beneficial response scheme possible. Although the question has some important thoughts and validity, I would advise you to seek a professional who can best serve you, since most of the people, who answer questions are good at cutting and pasting, spreading descent, and peddling gloom. Although I will do my best to be forthright in giving you the best answer possible, I am afraid anything that I write would be taken entirely out of context. For this reason, and this reason alone, I will say there are always good answers; but rarely are there perfect answers. So my answer can not and will not serve your needs for anything medical or evangelical. I will only answer by saying this is my best sentiment for which I have actually put my best foot forward to be able to reach a solution to your question that is embedded with perplexing thoughts; it in no way reflects my moral values or any opinion of my business, that will remain incognito.it's like having a split personality. like, i can be totally forgiving and generous one minute, and blazing mad and cold the next. people who can be either loving and friendly, or seperate themselves from everyone else, and can switch between the two. (like me!)
definitely invisibility. villain because of course, they have more fun!The power to shapeshift. it would be great to look attractive and change to get a guy that i love. because usually he doesnt go for brunettes with small boobs.. I know that sounds vain, but my parents would hate me if i did anything unnatural to my body like having a boob job.I would want to be able to control the minds of other people!I'd want to be able to travel anywhere in an instant.  And I'd be a villian cuz they have more fun!invisibilityi would have the power to get boys in a heartbeat!!!!!!!!!i would fly. then i could fly around and poop on things.  fly there,poop fly here,poop fly over that statue,poop  chicken fried steak.The power to automaticaly heal myself if sick or hurt. But I wouldn't want to be a superhero or villian.Good question.  I think I would start out as a good guy, but slowly over time, use my powers more and more for evil ... or at least a decidedly brutal good.  (i.e. instead of capture bad guy and give them to police, end up breaking their arms/legs/spine so they cannot do evil .. if not out-right killing them). . I'd love to be Superman or a Jedi.  But if you are limiting me to a single power.  MIND CONTROL!!!!!It would be to read pple minds so i could kno wat dey want and thinkinDear Friend,. . I would have the power to compel people to post questions in the right category.. . Your Friend,. Francesois
Speech comprehension is stored in Weirnickes area and speech production takes place in Broca's area (two seperate areas of the brain), memories are stored in entirley different parts of the brain which is why people can have trouble remembering something, but no trouble with speech.  There are also many different types of memories that can be affected.Sometimes they do.hmm good question. maybe cuz they have been talking and speaking the language for so longIn some cases they do, but in many others it's just the part of the brain that handles memories which gets affected, which is different from the part of the brain that handles movement or language. Different parts of the brain do different things.The ability to speak is stored in a different part of ur brain to the rest of your memory, along with your ability to walk etc...However, it is possible to forget how to talk, although its generally a short term affliction. My nan had a stroke that destroyed the part of her brain that allowed her to talk, however, she still had a memory.Eventually, many people who are loosing there memory do forget how to talk, and communicate, with others. Many times language is one of the last things that people remember, or forget, as the case maybe.have you ever heard of "word salad", it is a condition where you will speak words that you think you are saying but random words are really coming out of your mouth and it makes no sense at all. It happens to me and the doctor tells me it means I am overstressed. for example If I wanted to say. Lets go to the movies and a dinner tonight. I would probaly come out with, lets grab a refrigerator and move that air conditon to the south. it happens, I can't control it.usually they know there parents and there own name as well as able to talk, though imaturely because it's in their long term memory meaning stuff they've known from childhood. other times they will talk perfectly and know what they had for breakfast but won't know there own parent's because they don't REMEMBER seeing them, or hearing them. Nor there name because no on had called them that or they had not cared enough to remember it slightly. It's all about the placement in short or long term memory and what part is damagedThe human brain is divided into multiple quadrants that hold a certain job for the body The area of Speech is different from the area of Memory. . P.S. Memory is never lost it is temporarily dormantPeople do have trouble with name recall and spelling and in it advance stages they withdraw from reality and my talk very little.Because it is most often short term memory thats lost as that is the most vunerable. How to talk is in very long term memory part of the brain.They don't forget because they have been doing those things since they were children. By the time they lose their memory, those things are sencond nature to them. They don't even have to think about doing them anymore.
About a million studies have been done on this topic... and it comes down to where you as a mother would be happiest.  If you had the choice..what would you do?  Work and Family or Primarily Family.  Your kids will be well adjusted if you are.That question is impossible to answer and you will never find a consensus about the comparison.
It's a fantasy name. But if you can speak their language, then you can figure it out. . http://ms.wikipedia.org/wiki/TarianTarian is Wales and it means  "shield". It is used as a female name!
Depending on the garbage your evolved disgust mechanism is activated. An uncomplicated defense against ingesting toxins that has been co-opted to other uses in modern life, such as being able to show disgust at someones behavior. I think you social science people need to keep abreast of what is happening in science.? nobody knowsThe definition of garbage is in your mind. Decaying, smelly garbage is fine food for earthworms, and as such is a treasure. Everything has value, the perception is always in the eye and mind of the beholder.I really don't know. It depends on what kind of garbage you're talking about... If you consider gold as worthless and you throw it away, sure I'll have your garbage.cause its smelly...it decays and degrades cause of bacteria..its a breeding ground for all kindsa germs.
The nature of what is considered art changes.  High art has rarely been a form of commentary.  It has always been the low forms of art that tell us the most about society and it still does, graphic novels, popular fiction, political cartoons; these will always tell us more than anything you are likely to see in a gallery.Because people don't like to think. The average person sees art as just a decorative thing or an unnecessary luxury. They don't understand that art is a powerful form of communication and new ideas.. . Many artists today must depend on income to make a living. So they are expected to sell their art, creating what the market wants. Today there are very few art patrons, and people even resent public funding for the arts. And even artists have to eat.what a great question. why? our culture has become too "mcdonald's". same goes with art. fast-food art. . . however, you can make it change. create meaningful things. call it art. . . i think you're on to something here.hahaha Art is a fat lie. Bourgeousie love it when it's romantic, "inspired" -- it just so happens art is too critical now, you can't sell a guy shooting projectile feces at a canvas.. He's pointing at the lewdness of the affair.. Or the one who filled a SoHo loft space with dirt. That's art.the two aren't, nor have they ever been, mutually exclusive.. . look deeper.i support you totally on this. if there are simple ways to create this historic reality in modern European life then do it once again my friend. i think the girls would love to wear beautiful dresses and fancy hair with flowers and such and the guys to do trained sports etc. it has to start with bringing back women's rights. just don't promote them being too greedy. and as they say you cant bring back history, well, we can but of course it will be improvised. that kind of history, keep in mind, will have to include the environmental issues of today...Art isn't the object but a dialog between the artist and the viewer via the object.  . . This dialog seems to have been reduced to its most basic form of late:  Show me the money.  . . Its still a reflection of the times and one could make whatever existential comment one might want to about it.If todays social decoration is graffiti I am afraid the answer is yes.
Practice discipline. Do yoga, martial arts, work out. Practice conscious breathing exercises. Meditate.Its just an impulse, if you answer impulsively, its usually a wrong answer you give, and that helps no one, and probably makes you look silly, and you really don't want that do you, take your time, things will be a lot better for you, keep it up, and your heading for a heart attack.Smook a cannabie and relax ur slax bud
Try iridology. You can learn it at Clayton College of natural health. It's about 3500 for the certification.not only there eyes also hand motions and head motionsThere is a special type of magic in these people's eyes which allows them to read the thoughts and emotions of others.  They can also see the future with these eyes.if i remember right? when people lie, they look to the left!
You should change that question to 'What is the purpose of our life?'."What is the meaning of life?" means different things to different people. The vagueness of the query is inherent in the word "meaning", which opens the question to many interpretations, such as: "What is the origin of life?", "What is the nature of life (and of the universe in which we live)?", "What is the significance of life?", "What is valuable in life?", and "What is the purpose of, or in, (one's) life?". These questions have resulted in a wide range of competing answers and arguments, from scientific theories, to philosophical, theological, and spiritual explanations.. . To me?  The meaning of life is to LIVE life to its fullest.this is a good website to check http://users.aristotle.net/~diogenes/meaning1.htmI wish i knew.. Maybe there is no meaning. Have you ever thought about that?the period of stay of a living organism in its form in the world"Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it"
does it matter? . If you haven't tried it, try it. If you have, but only once, then the question is quit trivial unless it happens again, not?i think about every one is a bit curious most just dont admit it  how you know i realy think you gota look into yourself and maby try it out with a close friend it would have to be someone you trust alot and are very good friends withYou are bi if you wish to have sex with both men and women.You're bi-curious if you wonder what it would be like to make love to your own sex.Who is the idiot quoting scripture? Has nothing to do with the question.when you are attracted to woman not man.Try hooking up with a woman and see.i went thru my entire teenage years wondering about girls... when i was in my early 20's i experimented... . i ended up living with women for a while- but am now married to a man... . . that is how it is when you think you are bi.... . you can never commit to one person because the other gender is always a point of intrest.. . dont do it. . susanask yourself do i like both sex's? or am i just trying please my man and have a threesomeI believe you should try it out go out with a girl!If you like it more than going out with a guy than,yes!If not,then no!I can't say more cause I don't know how old you are...?Let him who does wrong continue to do wrong; let him who does vile continue to do vile; let him who does right continue to right; and let him who is holy continue to be holy. Because the time is near. this world is coming to a end the warning signs are here. So it is your choice and free will to please your self and enjoy the short pleasure of sin and pay for it later. Or do what is right in the lords eyes not was it is right in the worlds eyes. Remember god wont force you to do the right thing. But he will discipline you.. . Life has everything to do with scripture.. I'm sorry you don't understand. . I'll pray for you.. And I don't think your a idiot just a very lost person.what? how old are you, 12?
You have a strong feeling that you. have seen or done this before.I get this funny feeling that I answered this question before.deja vou is a feeling that you already have experienced  that thing, been to that place, but not actually..been there and done that already feels like its happening again.hi u must type that this word is from which languages .in farsi we say the name of Mercury material jeavu."Deja Vou" from French meaning already or over again. When someone says they've had deja vou it means they feel like they have been/seen this exact thing before even if they know they have not.it means that you or someone else has seen or done something before.
1. A condition in which all acting influences are canceled by others, resulting in a stable, balanced, or unchanging system..    2. Mental or emotional balance; poise..    3. Physics. The state of a body or physical system at rest or in unaccelerated motion in which the resultant of all forces acting on it is zero and the sum of all torques about any axis is zero..    4. Chemistry. The state of a chemical reaction in which its forward and reverse reactions occur at equal rates so that the concentration of the reactants and products does not change with time.Depends what kind you are talking about.... Equilibrium may refer to:. . Sense of balance, which maintains physical balance in humans and animals . In the physical sciences. . Thermodynamic equilibrium, when internal processes of a system cause no overall change in temperature or pressure . Dynamic equilibrium, when two reversible processes (in thermodynamics) occur at the same rate . Chemical equilibrium, when a chemical reaction proceeds at the same rate as its reverse reaction, with no change in the amount of each compound . Mechanical equilibrium, when the sum of the forces and moments on each particle of a system is zero . Quasistatic equilibrium, when internal processes change gradually from one equilibrium state to the next . In biological science. . Punctuated equilibrium, a part of evolutionary theory that states that speciation occurs relatively quickly with long periods of little change in between. . In economics. . Economic equilibrium, a balance of supply and demand . Static equilibrium (economics), an intersection of supply and demand . General equilibrium, a complex theory of microeconomics . In game theory. . Nash equilibrium an optimal collective strategy in a game involving two or more players . In ethics. . Reflective equilibrium in ethics, a state of balance among a set of beliefs . In entertainment. . Equilibrium (2002 film), a science fiction film . Equilibrium (band), a German viking metal band . "Equilibrium (DS9 episode)", an episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine . In websites. . Equilibrium | Self Harmony An award winning self injury and mental health / well being support community. Offering advice, awareness merchandise, forums, online cinema, directory and first aid information. In 2004 they held the world's first large scale self injury awareness day event in London which attracted many well established organisations together for the first time. Also in 2004 they merged with the Self Injury Awareness Movement (Si-am), at the time the first organisation dealing in self injury awareness merchandise. Today Equilibrium is one of the most popular self injury related sites on the web attracting 10,000s of visitors per day.balanceto be balanced. when two opposing forces are equal and opposite, they are balanced and therefore in equillibrium. same can be said of opposing charges. if the positive charge and negative charge cancels each other out, then it is at equillibrium.. . *edit*. just noticed this was in the economics portion. i can't say how this applies to economics, besides having inflow equaling outflow.Well since this question is under Economics, equilibrium is the point at which both the supplier and consumer will agree to purchase and provide a product. There is usually a graph that will show you where supply and demand meet. This point is called the equilibrium point. Over time the equilibrium price changes depending on how much a consumer is willing to pay for a product, how much it costs a supplier to produce a product, what technological advances have occured, the state of employment in a given economy, and how much a company has invested into capital.equlibrium is a state at which consumer gets equal amount of satisfaction he derives from a commmodity equal to the money spent by him on that particular commodity.In Chemistry terms it means when two substances reach a balance.  Take a bottle of soda for example.  Before the bottle is opened it is at an equilibrium since the gas above and liquid below are balanced.  When the bottle cap is opened, some of the gas is let out which causes some of the gas to escape.  Therefore, the carbonation in the liquid to turn into gas to make for a balanced equilibrium again once the bottle cap is put back on.  So, basically it is just the balance of two different forces.
look it upThe personal liberty laws were a series of laws passed by several U.S. states in the North in the 1850s in response to the Fugitive Slave Law.. . The laws were designed to protect free blacks, freedmen, and fugitive slaves by effectively nullifying the Fugitive Slave Law without actually invoking the doctrine of nullification, which is unconstitutional. This was done through provisions such as forbidding the use of state jails to imprison alleged fugitives to prevent state officials from enforcing the strict law and compelling slave bounty hunters to furnish corroborative proof that his captive was a fugitive, as well as according the accused the rights to trial by jury and appeal. Laws in some states made it easier to extradite a runaway if slave status were confirmed.
Development in this context is economic development. This is development of economic wealth of countries or regions for the well-being of their inhabitants. The study of economic development is known as development economics.. Economic development is a sustainable increase in living standards that implies increased per capita income, better education and health as well as environmental protection. There is also a field called international development which focuses on poor countries.the second definition is OK.the guy did his best .process or race to become developed country1 : the act, process, or result of developing. 2 : the state of being developed. 3 : a developed tract of land; especially : one with houses built on it
Sexual abuse is "Abuse of a sexual nature such as rape, incest, fondling, and indecent exposure". Rape is defined as forced, manipulated or coerced sexual intercourse (or other sexual act) against the will of the victim.. . Rape specifically covers penetration acts where sexual abuse is a broader term that includes rape and other abuses of a sexual nature.Sexual abuse can mean anything that is considered as abussing your sexuality, from psycological to physical in any level. This can be applied to any situation where the person feels that someone is taking advantage of her /him. . . I thin rape is a kind of sexual abuse as well, but it refers expecifically when someone has sex with the other person without the consent of that other person.Rape is physical.. . Sexual abuse can be verbal.. . Both are bad news.Rape is sexual abuse but sexual abuse does not have to be rape.  Any in appropriate touching that is not done by permission is sexual abuse.I agree with the first two persons who answered to your question.  Both are "dramatic" anyway and you get scars, physically and emotionnally.. . If you have been sexually abused or raped, please talk to someone and get some help.  You cannot keep that for yourself and you need to get out of that situation.. . Best of luck!being a sensitive guy, one is so close to the other because in both situations you do not have the consent of the opposite sex for such activity, in wich one is helpless and the other is a perpetrator. Both cause mental,emotional and physical damage. if you don't undestand this and are clueless give it a try you being the victim by putting yourself in a situation, place and time where this can happen to you. then I would like to hear your respose how these are not so closely related!!!
Just remember that even though he looks, he stays with you, so his comparisons are favorable to you.Because he loves you. Perhaps you should see a professional about this.to tell you the truth just because a man looks at another woman doesnt mean he is going to leave you for her it just means he is looking. im sure you have looked at other guys that walk past, and you dont wanna leave your man.  and the fact he is looking and he hasnt left you in the 20 some years that you have been together means he truly does love you and he isnt going to stray for some to bit hoe.  so just relax.  like they say you can look just dont touch.Question with a question.... If you go to a restaurant and order your dinner have you ever been sitting eating your dinner and seen another plate of food go by and look at it???. If yes have you ever asked the waiter to take back your selection because that one over there looks "Better"?. I am guessing not.. There are "Better" looking woman everywhere just like there are better looking men everywhere, Do not stress over  a check-it-out look, physical attraction is literally only skin deep.I answered you last questions but maybe I left something out.  A lot of man cheat and even more have a wondering eye but the same is to be said about women.  But what I am saying is that your problem does not seem to be that you think your husband will ever cheat on you or leave you so My question is "Why are you letting this eat at you?" I am not saying that women should "NOT" worry about this I am saying that YOU should not worry about this unless you are keeping something out of the information that you gave us in the question.  But here if you man gets a chance to be with a famous modal that he lust after will he leave you after 20 years?  My guess from you info is no but to be honest the only person that can answer that is your husband and I don't think that you are giving him the chance to.. ALSO think about this is there a famous male model or movie star that you lust? And would you leave your husband for this other man if you got the chance?  TALK TO YOUR HUSBAND ABOUT THIS PLEASE.For ALL women Everyday!! Know this(as if you don't)Men are visually orientated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dur! and as such they will appreciate outer beauty more. Men look just to look,nothing else!! no ooh!!,ahhhhhh!!Nothing!
1982.  I was at my best weight, I looked my best and I met my husband.  Very happy time.20 AD I would look up Jesus and ask him a bunch of questions.Around 29 AD.   Hang out and follow Jesus around with a notepad and get all the facts correct.   I would also stand guard outside of the tomb after he was crucified.the year when i was in high school, its fun to be with friends n classmates then.I would go back to the twenties because they had some really cute dresses.i would go back to 1994 BECAUSE THAT WAS HE BEST YEAR I HAD SO FAR!!!1988 was skinny,was in love,was having a really good time in my life.In fact it was,the best year of my life.1960, so i could meet Marilyn Monroeyou might want to read jermoe K jermoes short story "the philosopher's joke"it should be in year 1995.... when i was 4... i should've been involved in many sport activites and getting tutions.... so i would've been sporty and really smart!!!!!! i wish i wrote journals about what happened each day in my life... so like something happens to me and i can go back to that time and solve it properly and fiz it just like the BUTTERFLY EFFECT movie.... gosh....To 1910 to kill Hitler then a trip to Russia to do the same to Stalin.. . I wonder if in 50 years someone asks the same question who will be the 21st Century mass killers?1776 to be present when signing of the Constitution1983.  As Brian Adams said, "Those were the best years of my life." (But his was in the summer of 69)November 22, 1963.  i would stop the Kennedy assassination and see what the world would be like now.  i bet it would be a lot different.The year 0000.  To put a stop to all this religious christian BS and fiction that has entraped the world today.
have you watched princess diaries one? i loved the part where they threw darts at balloons with paint in them..i think that that's a really cool way to relieve stress, although i haven't tried it myself...but you see i also think that it's kind of a person-to-person basis so what might work for me may not work for you...but then, you can always try!i love hot showers and aromatherapy...surfing on the internet, playing your favorite sport and watching a movie are some things that i do to help me relieve stressStand on your head.S E X  And a warm shower afterwards.Check out ( http://www.reducingstress.net ) there are really good articles and information on that site. Also the stresseraser is a great product, you can find it at (http://www.buystresseraser.com )Here are some things I do to get rid of stress:. . meditate. write poetry/stories. take a walk. take a hot bath. read a book. watch a movie/go out to the movies. learn patiencea great way in general to relieve stress is kickboxing, but that's not really creative.... . do something absorbing. could be listening to music, could be drawing. get a piece of paper and some paint and draw endless mindless squiggles on it. it doesnt have to look like something, you dont have to try and make it look like something. just mess around, have fun. do something which could just empty your mind... so i dont really suggest coming on yahoo! answers... draw a box in the middle of the page, or a tv. then slowly unfold the box and see what you find inside it.. . i dunno... im just randomly suggesting anything i can think of... i havnt necessarily tried all these things...walk barefoot in the grass, make little balls with your toes as if you are trying to grab the grass with your feet as you walk sort of like when you wear sandals i've also been told doing this same thing on a couple sheets of newspaper works also. i like grass better no ink prints. Hope it works for youdance around in your room naked with european music blastingmasturbationWell, Stress ! " Is there any thing called stress in Life ". We have given lots of meanings to our different feelings, Once we resolve what is disturbing us we become pleased / Glad / Happy or whatever. What basically we must do is restrict our needs and set our self free. The answer is simple  " SET YOUR SELF FREE " you will be shocked that you set your self free ! ground realities will change Automatically. This  all belongs to our fears & insecurity.smoke alot of weed and listen to jimi hendrixA warm bath with candles burning and bath scents in the water. Also, the portable whirlpool are wonderful. They cost about $45 dollars at Wal-mart, JC Penny's and Searsclay. Pound it, knead it, work it out and then make something spiffy.I love taking warm showers. Gets my mind off the world for a bit and lets me think. More of a refreshing experience and I feel relaxed afterwards.Do painting, draw sketches, play a musical instrument (learn how to play one if you don't know yet) or any other artistic hobby / pastime - it really helps relieve built up stress!Scream.  Great stress reliever.for me , playing playstation or go for shopping really relieves my stressWorshipping God! Praying!  Reading the Word of God!!!yoga? meditation? a hot tub? there are many ways to relieve stress. sometimes, u just gotta let sum things go! ur life can be and will be much easier that way!answering to others' stress ..like what am doing now?listen to musicPick a silly, fun song you like, and whenever you feel stressed, no matter where you are, start singing it, loudly, and be amused at the looks on the faces around you, mine is Crazy by Patsy Cline.creative write, or read. constructive cleanTaebo nothing to get the frusteration out than a little kicking and boxing.
A chemical change requires energy. Usually change in temp.The temperature can change. Also the appearance (ie water and temperature to ice). The smell can change, or it can bubble. What exactly are you wanting to know?
fear of success and the responsibility it brings? Sometimes it's easier to cop out than step up.i think they r fail to get wat they wann so they get defressed...& they get failRegarding success, i have no idea!You are the creator of your own reality ,,,,,, ask the sucessfull people Ill bet they will tell you they have had to sucumb to  have many failures ......sucess is often the result of periods of failurePeople who tend to failure are the weakest one.Randomness of life combined with personality diffrencesSuccess and Failure is part of life and it comes due 2 our former deeds in our past lives.. Maybe u made sum1 fail in ur prev life and now ur getting the same medicine.. All actions hv consequences.. U can pray 4 now, be strong and kind 2 every1 around u and maybe God will help u get through itThe feeling of Failure comes from within, what is success; success is having as much of your family and friends around you when you need them.they stop trying. you are only a failure when you give up. Thomas Edison had 9999 chances to be a failure, but he pressed on and was a great success.I think it depends on the person. You can ether think Ive failed or Ive had a lot of learning experiences I can use to try again.Exactly what "Fuzzy Dice" said, they stop trying.They try to take on more than they are capable of- if the person takes a risk and fails (i.e., college) then they are seen as failures.  However, if the person risks nothing and just works at the gas station all his life, he is not seen as a failure.They dont look at the big picture. I think that considering yourself a failure in life is accepting a lie about your own person. Wow, thats just me though.Because they believe that they will fail, or they give off negative energy. The biggest problem of human nature is not that we are afraid of failure it is usually because we dont want to do what it takes to succeed we want to half step. That is not going to work. Rome wasnt built in a day and people dont accomplish things overnight.
O is the universal donor . AB+ is the recipient.The universal donor is type O positive and type AB positive is the universal recipient.O is the universal donor and anyone who is of a positive blood type can accept it.O- is the universal donor, as anyone in the ABO group can take this type of blood.. . AB+ is the universal recipient.agree with ONLYBELDIN, above
Nobody yet satisfactorily explained why human mammals prefer a sexual way of reproducing as opposed to nonsexual ways that are more efficient and more error-free... For instance, the human being is a success product but has some potentially lethal flaws in the design: long gestation period, slow and painful way out with high potential of destroying the host and the one person who is primarily responsible for bettering the chances of its survival; the airway and foodway is dangerously close together,... The list goes on and on.If You don't know already then you are probably too young to Know...cause...that's how we survive...the same way the animals do it...in order to keep the population of humans going.....and for pleasurewhy do you ask? hmmm..... . ok becouse they while having sex fertilize the ovaries and become pregnant ok????. . now thanks for the points now answear some of mine!!!TO REGENERATEBecause it's just a very natural, God-given way to keep the species alive. Applies to animals as well as humans.The two greatest thrills on earth.it is just a case of  co-incidence!Nature calls!
New technology meaning internet could change my relationships because now it's easier than ever to verify something as true or not. Easier to see who's lying to you, and how big of a lie.I do think people who have the internet and a computer def have an advantage over those who don't.  But I do not think that means we should give out computers with the food stamps. Same with cell phones and blackberries and anything else.it doesn't lead to inequality, but it give people more chances to snoop on each otherYour looking at it right now.
Sustainability,Means the ability to stay the same.. Now,what's a saturation report? lolget out ur dictionary. the root word is sustain. look it up on google
Having retired after over 25 years in the prison system, I have met more than my share of these women - and while they are all different to some extent, they appear to share these characteristics:  low self esteem, the need to feel that someone "belongs" to them, the need to feel that little thrill that although he killed 17 other women, he "really loves me and I'm safe unlike the others", the need to know that he's not out tom catting around on her (of course, the fact that he is in all likelihood having sexual relations with other inmates is of no interest to her), and finally, a bit of a "martyr" syndrome.  There are lots of strange people out there, and they aren't all locked up.   Anyone who sends a fan letter to a serial killer probably should be locked up him/herself !!!The ones that feel and do these things are as crazy as the killers themselves, as a woman myself, that is the only conclusion I can think of. Maybe some of these women can't get anyone else. Yuk!!!!!!!! Maybe they just want attention and these killers are the only ones that will give it to them.Girls go for the whole badboy routine, the whole "I live my life on the edge" thing. I've never heard of them being attracted to male death row killers, but hey anything is possible. They also think that since the guy is so reckless and daring, he can protect you in some way or another. Or maybe it's the whole idea of the women trying to help the poor male death row killer, trying to convert his life, trying to save him. You know women love a challening man that they can fix, well here's your best victim!I think a huge part of it is women wanting to be able to "Save" someone. To be able to help in their most awful of times. To want to help someone. And want to understand that mind that could do something like that. And believe that all people can be loved and feel love.. . I personally chose enough jerks that are out of jail. I do not need to find them in the jail.The reasons are various and can be complicated.. . As stated above for some women it is that excitement of dating someone who is dangerous.. . For other women it is a lack of self-esteem and having a relationship with someone who is in prison means that there is an amount of 'control' that they have in that relationship. The man in prison is relying on them emotionally to help them do their time.. . Whatever the reason the letters sent between the prisoner and the partner can be extremely powerful, emotional, poignant and even sexual. They say absence makes the heart go fonder. I can see the reason why when there is a 20 ft prison wall (at least) between 'lovers'.. . How do I know this? I used to work as a prison psychologist!I think these women have extremely low self exteem and also feel the relationship to this "bad boys" is safe.  She can be whomever she wants in a letter.  Also some want to "help" the felons and save them.  It's sick either way.
color: black (or dark red). letter: A. word: innocuous. phrase: i believe joy was a game you could never play without stumbling. thing about myself: i'm seriously randomblue. h. antidisestablishmentarianism. Diplomacy is saying "nice doggy" until you find a rock. I just got into the honor society at collegepurple. letter?  I don't have a favorite letter...LOL. love. Don't let the door hit ya where the good Lord split ya AND Excuses are like buttholes.. everyone has them and they all stink!  (I have two favorite phrases!). My favorite thing about myself is that I am a great mom! . . NOW~  If you are psycho analyzing me with these questions I want the results... I think...LOLcolor: Pink. letter: V. word: Love. phrase: You're such an a$$.. thing about yourself: How I'm all natural. I don't wear make up, use push up bras, padded bras, etc. I believe in the whole natural beauty/what you see is what you get thing.Black. O. 'Sup. I'll be back. Blonde hairWhat is your favorite.... color:Pink. letter:R. word:love. phrase:Never Say Never. thing about yourself:my blue eyescolor: white. letter:j. word:peace. phrase:work fa Justice if u want Peace. thing about yourself:strong belief in me....Color- Blue. Letter- S. Word- Inevitably. Phrase- "The cat's out of the bag". Thing about myself- My lips!blue. m. beer. license and registration please, or all righty then. I'm meFavorite color is blue it's a very calm color..letter would be P for PEACE..word for me is HAPPY to bring happiness into the world..phrase would be,ALL MEN AND WOMEN TREATED EQUALLY.To make this world a better place..About me,i like to give a helping hand to people who need it....    What is,is,is .is going to be dancing around the american flag pole in honor of THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA..Thats what is is is respecting what we stand for...     What is my favorite,that would be(don't laugh)The Charmed 0nes' after 8 years they are closeing a part of me.I have been with the girls from the started..And it broke my heart to see Phoebe killed off last Sunday.Yes, i did have tears rolling down my face..Is their anymore fans out there?????? Raise your hands....   .  Clowmypurple. R. time. K.I.S.S. Keep It Simple Stupid. Eyesblue. h. experience. you make be want to be a better person. i am learning to create myselfred f, fvckoff ,run with the wind , good looking .Color: Purple. Letter: M. Word: y'all. Phrase: "Do unto others as you have done unto you". Thing About Myself: Will to live
conservation spots emerge due to popular attraction to the place, and with city councils to decide to put such places on thier town map for more tourist attraction. they ask for funding from thier governments and then they identify the wildlife that is inhabiting that place and sometimes offer zoos, wildlife authority (wildlife management usually), and pet stores that offer wildlife tours. They usually have a hotel nearby and some good restaurants to attract the visitors.. . are you planning on protecting the wildlife and conserving the eco system?Conservation is a fraud.  It is a form of hoarding:  reducing the supply of oil, for example, so that Exxon can gouge us.  It also costs jobs, forcing us to take the low wages offered by the economic parasites.  Liberals are agents of the right wing; that's why they're called Limousine Liberals.VERY slowly, and with all of the bros and sis's, Aunts and Uncles thoughts in mind. I came from Kansas 26 years ago.
They were one of the first civilizations to actually write things down. Writing is a very powerful tool for civilization. If one brilliant engineer keeps all his info to himself, it dies with him. If he writes it down, the info can be passed to  future generations.knowledge accumulates speed with time.. the more we know the faster we advance.. . Ancient Romans had not yet reached the levels of communication that we have had in the last 200 years .. the moment that we were connected every thing moved at increasingly faster advancement.. the ones who were more advanced than the Romans  and had reached higher levels of technology ,were the Ancient Greeks.check them out ,also on history channel under ,what the ancients did for us.. . But the highest levels of all are supposed even earlier than that if we are to believe ancient Indian legends ,and reports about Atlantis,Ur and MU,who were supposed to have flying machines and atomic energy.. but many global disasters have obliterated any evidences,under the Antarctic ice ,could still be some technological secrets,and the only evidences we have are unexplained seemingly impossible structures and giant workings of stone.that must have been moved from other locations ,as to how remains a mysteryNo roman numerals and no togas, except for Superbowl party.because some of them were never actually made or properly used.
Sounds like you need to be true to who you are.  However, you do learn to adapt to others and in some ways what you can say and do with one person varies, and you may just simply be a little different to respect people.  I.E. some people you can cuss around, others would be offended.You're a chameleon, so am I.  I am just as comfortable with the 'intellectuals' as I am with the drunk at the corner bar. I adapt myself to the situation at hand and act accordingly.  It's worked for me so far.  I don't think of it as being phony, just flexible.
feeling comes from your heart and thinking comes from your mind.Feeling is more physical--it can affect our physical well being.  There is more emotion attached to it, and it's not always verbally expressable.. . I see it more as intuition.Feeling is the spontaneous response/feedback your nervous system gets to the situation, and thinking is generally based on the feeling.. I hope I made it a bit clear.thinking is what comes to you straight away and what goes on inside your haed feeling comes from thinking and you have no control over it . . thought - i wont get the job . feeling - sad deppressed worthlessthinking is when you use logic. Feelings are from within the heart.thinking is pre-meditation. feeling is spontaneous and quick.When you feel something, it is usually caused by external stimuli...and you experience it physically... eg ' Adrenaline rush'. When you think, you use you perception, not visual sight, to critically analyze the subject at hand. You do not experience it physically... eg 'no adrenaline rush'I might meet someone and feel like I have fallen in love.  Whereas, if I thought about it, then I might think better of it.  Did I feel like I had fallen in love because they were nice looking, friendly and I was lonely. Thinking about it I might realize that this was not the kind of person I could love.  Perhaps, if I were thinking I would get to know them better.  . Couldn't stand it that they were always late, selfish and self centered.  Now that I've thought about it, I can tell the difference between just feelings and thinking.  One requires the use of one's brain.not sure if i would help but in lay-man terms, it is simply . thinking with the mind while feeling with the heart
After a crisis, your mind and body need 'normalism' in order to repair. Rituals, or any structure, provide a steady, unchaotic, unchallenging peace.they can help you feel normal. doing things you normally did on a routine basis can remind you that life can return to some semblance of normalcy. It also distracts us when we feel we can't cope with our emotions.they lead you away from the crisisMost rituals came into practice a very long time ago so if they continue to be practiced, I would think there is something of value in them that developed out of a genuine need maybe for reasons that we don't even know of today.  I do think that when things happen that just seem to be out of our control and incomprehensible to us.  The fact that we have these rituals, aside from allowing us to keep busy with them and give and take comfort from others, they also have a way of giving us back some sense of control.
Biological life begins at conception.. God has nothing to do with it.. Biological life is formed in the womb through copulation between the parents.. God activates the soul when the fetus emerges from the womb.. As He has  done since the beginning of time. Genesis 2:7.guess so !my opinion is life beings at about 6wks when a heartbeat starts.why do babies die a few days after they are born? they are alive too. Things live things die it is the way the world works.
You are absolutely normal...do not worry.The confidence is all about self when you think you are then you are....when you feel that you do not understand well others ....subconsciously that might affect in reality too...imagine that you are able to understand and try to concentrate a little more on others persons center thoughts and body language...in the beginning try to understand what exactly they want to convey...do not concern about each word just try to grab the their center meaning....in the next phase u can try to concentrate on each of their words.. . Try to improve you communication skills that will automatically fetch you confidence...talk to self...say the words out that will increase the efficiency in pronouncing.. watch English news in TV to know the correct pronunciation.. Read news papers for correct grammar... . good luck. :)Have faith in yourself, try to improve your communication skills by talking to your family more often in the language you want to master and read loads of books, go through the dictionary and pronunciation guides.Just think that you are absolutely normal and the opposite person is having a problem. Then it'll b finehave faith in yourself....try and make yourself understand that the one you are talking to is also a human being like you and even if you fumble while talking to the person do not get upset about it ...try and learn proper pronounciation from the tv programmes or your friends....read good books and communicate in the language you have a problem...try to think - why other people are better and more confident than you. and is there any difference or superiority beetwen you and them actually. I think there isn't. And should know it and believe it. The other reason to be not very self-confident    are your friends or family. Look at your friend a bit better - are they really true friends? Do they help you to be a normal, independent and confident person? Anyway, you should believe in your capability, potential - this is the most important thing for a start. Then everything will be much easier! Good Luck!Get speech therapy done ; consult medical doctor .Try to practice speech in front of your mirror, try to see the good in you, thinking that you are smart and good looking will make you more confident.fuck all the otherS TRUST YOUR SELFGo to a web site and print out tongue twisters. Repeat them a few times a day into a tape recorder, every day, and your speech will improve dramatically. Just remember, move your lips, speak from the bottom of your stomach, not through your nose, and dramatize what you are saying. As far as confidence, if you want long term confidence, you have to succeed in small tasks and build up your confidence level. Success breeds true confidence.
The very best way of improving your skill in a language is to emmerse yourself in it.. . So to improve your English skills you could spend some time in the UK, US, or Australia.  There are all sorts of ways to do this.  You could get a job in an English country or go on a holiday, maybe spend a year on some sort of gap year activity like Au Pair or something.You need to get together with an English speaker. That way you can learn the lingo. Depending on which English speaking country they are from there are different meanings for slag words. You might offend someone by accident.dont hesitate to speak the language.focus on details like the follwing spelling errors in your question---COMPLATED, COMMUNITION. the last line doesnt require "me" after suggestbiharis are never known for better english. so dont complicate matters. take it as it comes. nobody would mind.First don't look at any music video's no country, hip-hop, rock & roll, techno, and especially no latino stuff.Take classes, converse with English-speaking people, watch movies where the actors speak English, stay away from online sites where people who speak English as a first language still can't speak or spell it very wellRead the Times of India, India Today, and any other english book you can get hold of. Try to practice with English speakers. Good LuckThere are night school classes in ESOL you could take or you could hire a tutor.take a class and get a tutor
Human beings have souls, no doubt about that, at least the HUMANE ones do. Clearly some do NOT.. . Animals have been, in the past, considered to have no souls. That is an arrogant misconception by so-called 'learned people' in an attempt to prove their own superiority.. . Animals very clearly feel pain, miss their owners when they are absent, anticipate, become excited, and VERY clearly become attached to other pets and people---which takes feelings and longing and LOGIC, therefore it is FAR more likely that animals DO have souls.. . God didn't invent stupid stuff by any means.Soul,. Ability to reason.. Ability to speak.. Ability to use hands, fingers, drive a car, hold a job.animals are one of kind just as people. I believe they do have a soul. They love and care as we do...just in a different way.Your religion decides the idea of a "soul" and who is entitled to one.  Science does not, so scientifically, a soul is *not* the difference between humans and animals.  In fact, scientifically, humans *are* animals.Humans and animals are quite similar in many ways except for certain things....... . But sometimes i feel animals are more loyal then humans!dont tell me that the followers of socrate all believe like that. the difference is the brain and body shapes of course. everything is alive. animals mate and care for their young, build houses, hunt, gather, communicate, fight, and play just like 'those who are alive'. they have the ability to offer themselves when the human gets hungry, but must be told this in prayer and offering before the hunt so that they can offer themself to the hunter. if you cover a plant with an upside down jar, it will die. why is because it would have been alive. it had that life energy that we all are sustained by. so it is just a difference in body type (wood body, flesh body etc) and brain ( small brain, insticts and prgramming of the genetics)... have a good day.An Anthropologist wouldn't say so (this is in the Anthropology section, so I will answer you in that capacity.) a human is simply an animal with a.) opposable thumbs (though most primates have these) b.) bipedality (though of course birds are better at it) c.) culture (although many other animals exibit culture) and d.) the ability to use tools (though many other animals do this as well.). In short, we are nothing special. I would say culture and tool use are the most important, as bipedality isn't anything special and neither are thumbs, it is, as they say, how you use it. And while other creatures do use tools and exhibit culture we have evolved to a point where it is the main focus of our survival. That is, we don't rely on instinct to do just about anything, in fact, we generally ignore our instincts for the sake of culture. Other animals may use tools and have culture, but instinct is still #1. . . For better or worse.. . Whether or not humans or animals have souls is beyond the realm of Anthropology, but since humans are just animals, then why should we have souls when other animals don't?I really don't know  if they have a soul, but I would like to think that they do. My pets have all had personalities, and seem to have emotions.  This is a great question! I know this is going to sound crazy , but  I had a beloved pet that I was forced to leave behind when I had to move. I had a dream one night, a very vivid dream, that my pet and I were together and were "communicating"... (my pet and I COULD communicate, but in this dream, neither one of us had to "speak" aloud in order to do this).. . I went to visit my pet three days later, and found out from the person taking care of her that she had died mysteriously 3 nights before... I honestly do believe she (or I, or both of us) had  our last "reunion" just  before or just as she passed away-   in that dream. I don't feel like I didn't get to say "good-bye". Something was going on there, more than meets the eye. Does it mean she communicated with me from the "other side"? I don't know. Maybe  our love for one another was the connection that caused some sort of telepathy between us, but if so, does THAT mean she has a soul? If animals and humans can "connect" spiritually,  and I'm now a true believer that they can (I've always suspected that to be true, it's just now I KNOW it is), than don't BOTH have to have souls or "spirits"?  You ask a very interesting question. When or if you finally figure out the "answer", please let me know what you come up with. I'd be interested to hear your perspective. . I desperately want to believe  that someday when I leave this earth I will get to see/be with those I  love who have already "crossed over", including  my pets, and call it "faith" or whatever you want, but I believe.Personally, I believe there is no such thing as a soul, unless you believe in it yourself. If you believe you have a soul, then you have one. It's all in your mind and how you feel spiritually. I am not religious, because I haven't found one that makes sense, but I feel I have a soul, but not in the religious going to heaven or being reincarnated sense, but more that it's the deep feeling I have inside me. Really, it's up the individual. Since I don't allow religious zealots to cram their religions down my throat and teach me to hate people that are different than me, I have the choice. If a religion tells people they have a soul, then they do have a soul, because this is what they believe. So, if an animal is intelligent enough to understand the difference between having a soul and not having a soul, then it could be. If said animal eats it's own excrement (er, is there a difference between one's own and another's?), then it probably doesn't have a soul.not really humans too have a soul .. . signed:a philantropic monkey
I dont know. we are pretty similar. You are bored enough to ask this question. and Im bored enough to answer..........you're asker and I'm AnswererI am me....and you are you!My avatar is cuterI am very good looking and you are very ugly.a whole lotta distance and a few hours as wellI am me. U is a letter in the alphabet. I guess you are the same you- you were this morningthe difference is that u lie saying that u r the only one, and i dont, saying that im the only one!You like pizza and I like broccoli sandwiches!WE HAVE DIFFERNT PERSONALITIES AND I'M A GIRL AND YOUR A BOY =~>i'm a girl and your a boy.I have boobs and you have a penis:)you are you and I'm meeverything=)I would never ask this question!Well I'm a girl and you appear to be a boy.The difference is the difference between you and me!YOUR A BOY AND I'M A WOMANummm, the way we look?'u' is not a word, 'me' is.I can spell 'you' correctly!. . Other than that, i live here, you live wherever you live. From your avatar, i assume you are male, whereas im female.. We are probably different ages, with different lifestyles, different friends, different personalities, in fact the only thing we have in common is we both use the computer to use Yahoo answers!We are completely different, yet at the same time, we are completely the same.Not much, really.  Mostly choices.there is only one difference the sex if u are a boy cause i'm a girl,the rest is exactly the same.
Why should they want to, when they have already turned their own lives into one long Hell ?!because it's all punishment and VERY VERy hot.My wife does..I cant talk her out of it. Really.In my opinion, it is the worst possible place to go. Worse than prison, worse than anything. It is the ultimate low. Most likely everyone would much rather go to heaven.culteral paranoia and power games used by priests to keep people in lineBecause we have lived a life of torture and pain here on Earth why would we want to live like that or worse for eternity?Hell is terrible. No, horrible. I can't describe that how much it is bad. The worst thing is the anger of God about you. Imagine that how much was you bad that you deserve the Hell...IT'S HOT, IT'S UNCOMFORTABLE AND YOU'RE THERE FOREVER!!!!!!!!Hell is a place where you will forever be tortured. You will be on fire, I think, and worms will be crawling out of you, and you will never sleep. It will be day in day out pain everyday. I hope GOD will let me go to heaven.Do you want to go to hell?maybe because religion don't exactly potray it as a holiday resort.Because it is described as a place of torment and pain and never-ending suffering that you can't escape from and people don't really like that.  Well, some do and I don't know why but for the most part people don't like itcoz they believe its a real place &wouldnt like to experiment. besides the PR campaign(GO TO HELL!!!!!!) isnt a good one.because they hear it is a bad place. the fear of going to hell makes them do good things that fear dhould last long only then humanity will live longerBecause you will burn your A$$ there FOREVER and EVER and EVERAn eternity of perpetual fire and physical torment? All by the same person who tricked them into believing that sin on earth is worth it all! And the memories! the constant torment of the memories of those moments when you were given the chance to accept His plan of Salvation, and perhaps "weren't quite ready", having too much "fun".. . BUT!!Of all the horrible things that are subjected to those who choose hell, only ONE will stand out the most...Eternity WITHOUT God's Presence.. .  Even those who are not under the Salvation Covering of His Divine Blood, are still living under His "presence", His Love. He loves EVERY person that ever walked the face of this earth, and wants to spend eternity with each one, "...that NO ONE should perish...". . Lazarus, the rich man, asked God if he could come back to warn his sons of the great torment he was enduring, to spare them, and God told him basically it's no use, they wouldn't believe him anyway. They were too consumed with their own "happiness", to think of eternity.. .  Why anyone would choose Hell?  Is beyond all of us, there is enough warning, some just refuse to believe it.. But, Satan, he is the father of lies, the greatest of all decievers...just remember..he's had 6000 years experience.... . Oh Yeh, by the way, I've heard people say, "Yeh, But all my friends will be there!..." Well, they may be there... but you'll never see them, one of the torments is eternal solitude(except for the demons of course).Why wouldn't YOU want to go to hell? You don't want to be living the rest of your dead life being burned and suffering for all eternity now would you?
"Psychological problem" covers a wide area, but the real crazies are easy to spot.  Look for inappropriate behavior, repetitive movements, talking loudly to themselves (check for cell phone first!), or just plain bizarre behavior that just doesn't fit the situation.well if they are behaving irrational, or emotionally unstable, those are usually good indicators...First of all, what do you mean by "psychological problems"? In my opinion, we all have them to a different degree. Another philosophical question is, what is the norm? Psychiatrists have their criteria for diagnosing really sick people - we, laymen, sometimes can have no clue about someone's condition.. When you are in a close relationship with someone, you will definitely notice "psychological problems" in that person, for, on the one hand, no one can be perfect for you, in the family, in friendship or in the intimate relationship, on the other hand, as I already said, you are not perfect either. And from this perspective to have psychological problems is a norm.A psychological disorder can be detected through erratic behavior, conversations, thoughts, in any situation(social/personal). There should be a balance in the person's being-not leaning too much on one side-not too happy or too sad...overly aggressive/passive. This must be in extreme and against the norm.Take a closer look :-). People usually show their "faces" when put in a stressful situation...
Sex and my dog. And no I'm not doing it with my dog because I have a partner. When my dog wags his tail and does his antics, I'm relieve off my stress. When my partner wags his "tail", then that's when my fun really begins.Rollerblade ... hang up-side down ... kick boxing ... Bosu ... zombie out on TV ... sing really loud ... sing quietly ... throw temper tantrums ... long showers ... hug kitty-cat often.Check out (http://www.reducingstress.net ) there is a lot of great content and information on the subject there.. Also the stresseraser is a great product, you can find it at (http://www.buystresseraser.com )I just take half an hour out of my day to do something for myself. Whether it is a bath, listen to music, lay in the sun or just read a book.drink for a whileexercise and a lot of SEX!!!My husband really helps in that department. Just hanging out w/him after the kids are in bed helps me unwind. Also, in the morning I get up at least a half an hour before everyone else to get some " quiet time ". Reading also helps me to unwind as well as this forum-it takes my mind off of the everyday doldrums............Stretching helps. Or being outdoors enjoying the sun rays.I have a lot of sex like 8 times a week, go shooting my gun and drive really fast when is not pigs around.drink and answer yahoo questions...lol
Teachers determine if you pass your class or not. It's always best to be wary and not necessarily be teachers pet, but rather, attempt to get them on their good side. Trust me. It's easier to do a class if everyone follows the teacher correctly.good question, i guess the society tells us what to do and we just do it without question it. its norms. but at the same school is our futureBecause they are an authority figure, and you should respect your elders!Because they are in a position of authority.  Simply stated SOMEBODY has to be in charge in the classroom, and it's not always an easy job.  The biggest reason to be respectful of teachers is to honor their position, and cooperate, especially when others might not be.It sounds like maybe you have been raised correctly.  I don't think it is fear, but it may be respect you are feeling because your parents raised you to respect people in authority.  I hope so.becos they are the higher authority.. do you really think teacher's have nothing they can do to you? try doing sth bad in class (talking back when he/she scolds u) and see what happens when your parents hear of that. . . anyway we are in school, studying, and teachers control the no. of marks they give you so i think you'd better listen if you want to get the marks you deserve :DIn the past, I afraid of my teacher because I wanna pass my exam. Actually, I respect them.the answer is simple, it's because they represent the authority, like a police man or as same if you need some operation the doctor tell you that you need that if you want survived you going to listen what the doctor tell you.because many times they spend more time with the children than the actual parents do they therefore become a parent figure.Because we are taught from a young age to respect them because they are older and (sometimes not too much) wiser.Carefull, I never listened to my teachers in school. You might turn out like me :)Make no mistake, authority is vested in teachers. Your future depends on your education. They hold power to fail you, this is awesome power especially in light of the rest of your life. Be nice, teachers had to work very hard to become teachers and then spend every day putting up with attitudes like yours.you know that he knows much more than you. that makes you show him respect.bcoz teacher are GODS closest creature. yes somethings they. bit u or punish u but this is one of the way she/he has to. mould so be always proud to let the hand to make u better. understand.and even teacher is the one who make u achieve. your goals.              BYEYou shouldn't be afraid of them but you should respect who they are and what they are trying to do, which is give you an education, Knowledge is PowerYou should never be afraid of a teacher, they are there to help you learn (and if there are any other problems in your life they can help). If you are afraid of them it might be that you just fear authority figures. Don't worry, if they seem mean to you it might just be that they know you can do better and are pushing you a little. I teach Jr. High and I know that the ones that are scared of us are the ones that do the best, but we REALLY don't try to torture you, we only want you to do your best.
Pretty much like us.  Cro - Magnons were virtually anatomically modern humans.  It's a fairly arbitrary distinctionlarge face and jaw  hairt all over not quite upsightugly,ja.but depends with the eyes you are looking at them.Arnold S. The Governor of California
To create balances.. . If we have an unjust society, there will be no order because of the lack of balance.  If one commits murder and gets a slap on the hand as a punishment while another person steals some bubble gum and gets sentenced to death, then the balances will create an unruly society.. . That's my theory.Ask Plato.Love begets love. Each member of a society wants to be treated good, that's why one has to be just- collectively they create a just society. I don't believe in an unjust society- whatever happens is a product of different views from different people. Some people may view it as unjust but it is not really meant to be.One reason is that we don't have enough jails.so that no one can complain about havin more or less than anyone else...communism would work..but only in theoryWell there are many societies that are not just.  Injustice in society will eventually lead to some sort of revolution (look at the cause of every revolution in history).  The whole point of living in a society is for the sake of justice.  Since it is for a report, I will site some examples:. 1) American revolution, the colonies were being taxed but were not given any representation in parliament or any say on how their society is to be run.. 2) French Revolution (well the many revolutions) came about from wealthy landowners opressing the poor serfs. 3) Russian Revolution - no representation in gov. tsar had absolute power.  The serfs, or rather ex-serfs had no rights against an oppressive regime...Injustice implies that there is a favored group.  People who aren't in the favored group will be angry about it and they'll either leave or not make any effort to contribute.  This deprives the unjust society of the real contributions that those people could make.  That's why society should be just.  Good luck on that report.
Tell her that you really care about her but not like a girlfriend and instead of hurting her by letting her think you like her you thought it would be better if you told her how you really feel. Tell her you cherish her friendship and you hope that you guys can at least be friends, that you have grown to love her as a friend and that means a lot to you. And that you are just trying to be honest. Tell her that any relationship is based on honesty that is why you are telling her.intro her to one of your hot friendsBreak up's hurt period!!!. . Now, you have to decide how you want to inflict this pain on her.  . . 1.  Fast and quick.  This is the get it over with and accept the loss of love and friendship.  It's kinda like when you pull a band-aid off real quick ... ouch.  (THis is the way I prefer men to break-up with me).  Beware, she may stike back.  If this happens, you must stick to your principals and keep insulting her until she gets it (FYI, she's a stalker!!!) otherwise, you're a prissy female dog and she owns you.. . 2.  Slow and easy.  This is where you slowly start to drop hints of your dis-satisfaction ... pull away from her slowly, and encourage her to find other people and activities to fill the void you're leaving.  This is desired when you still want friends and you have tons of compassion.  However, if you're too compationate, then you're a putty-tat, & she owns you.. . 3.  Move away ... run ... just give up everything you have and relocate to avoid the dicomfort.  90% of us say that long distance relationships are killers, so this is why you relocate.. . Ok, there's so many more ways, but these are the top three.  Good luck buddy.not poss w/o hurtsay you want take a break for while.its not possible but good luckWell that sounds rude...get rid of your girlfriend..just tell her you don't want to be with her no more cause you are a really wrong for her...cause you are...
Violence and killing is an admission of FAILURE to communicate with reason and logic. . . At times, HUMANITY is the least humane of all species.those who do presume that it solves a problemSome are civilized, some can't afford that luxury.the only thing that makes us "civilized" is logic and resoning, and when logic and reasoning dont help us, we ofter resort to killing people. also as sigmund frued (sp?) said "we are all products of our environment" so gang members and the like were born into a world where killing others is accepted, so they adopt those habits.Nature “I think” want us to be good and help each other, in “cave man days” we were safer in numbers, to kill your kind weaken the group, when someone kills someone he/she is going against Nature.i have no idea. thou shall not kill.Sociologically, basic belief differences play a major role in conflicts.  After all, just look at the Crusades, the Rowanda conflict, Sudan.  All were caused by the belief that one way of life or social group or ethnicity was better than another.  It all traces back to the idea of personal property and entitlement.  What is ours is ours, what is anyone else's is negotiable.. . Hope that helps.According to history, religion, and philosophy man was chaotic in the state of nature. it was a war again all "Thomas Hobbes". . People became civilized not out of nature, but because they fear a violent death. They grouped themselves and made rules and regulations to maintain the peace, and therefore avoid violent death.. People nowadays kill, because they have not trained themselves to calm themselves in very critical situations. A man that's angry when he sees his wife sleeping with another man, would usually go for the gun without hesitation, simply because he didn't think. . Sometimes, when the adrenaline pumps through your brain, it distorts your thinking. If you didn't train yourself to calm yourself down before you loose it, you will do something you tend to regret later.. Hope this explains it...because they're crazyYou have an implied assumption that civilised people do not kill each other. If that is true, there has never been a civilised nation in the history of the world. Face it we just can't live up to your standards.you call u'r self civilised but those brutal murders cannot call themselves as civilisedbecause they watch too many rap videosSpell check: Civilized.. . And sometimes it's the only way to stop someone.  If you are being attacked wouldn't you fight back?  And as for the attacker they're not civilized.cram it liberal. . we're fighting the uncivilized. peace is achieved through war.. . with your pansy ways, the united states would be exactly like iraq. peace doesnt work that way. we're taking out terrorists for the better interest of the world.Differences in opinion.To maintain the civilization.  For example the europeans who came to north america killed many of the native americans.  because they were in the way of "civilization".  Listen to the rhetoric now.  Terrorists threaten 'our' civilization.  Like when they knocked down the world trade center.  So really people are killing to maintain their civilization as it exists.  To preserve their specific civilization.  Genocide is usually because the group in power is threatened by another group's culture and feel they have to get rid of the threat.  By killing all the people.  I have heard americans say that all arabs must be gotten rid of to make the world 'safe'....i don't agree but i hear that sentiment.we aren't civilized. we just like to think we are.Thats a bit of an oxymoron dont you think? People who murder aren't civilized.
ask the bugsFewer bugs.  :)Besides the obvious problem of posioning crops, people and pets, the use of pesticides may get into the water table and posion the drinking water of an area.  Another problem, as seen with the use of DDT in the 1960's is that there was a high incidence of birth defects among animals that lived in treated areas.  Still one other effect is that the use of pesticides may throw off the food chain by eliminating a possible food source.  If that happens, then there is a possiblity of losing an entire animal population in the area treated wit pesticides.
a lot. the former deal with archives and the later with culturesArchaeology: The systematic study of past human life and culture by the recovery and examination of remaining material evidence, such as graves, buildings, tools, and pottery.. . . 1.Anthropology: The scientific study of the origin, the behavior, and the physical, social, and cultural development of humans. . 2.That part of Christian theology concerning the genesis, nature, and future of humans, especially as contrasted with the nature of God: “changing the church's anthropology to include more positive images of women” (Priscilla Hart).dead bones for archeology/live bones for anthropology...simple!archeology deals with artifacts. anthropology deals with people.Archeology is the study of old civilizations and culture. Anthropology is the study of the evolution and development of man.Archaeology, the scientific study of past human culture and behavior, from the origins of humans to the present from the artifact remains. Archaeology studies past human behavior through the examination of material remains of previous human societies. These remains include the fossils (preserved bones) of humans, food remains, the ruins of buildings, and human artifacts—items such as tools, pottery, and jewelry. From their studies, archaeologists attempt to reconstruct past ways of life.. . Anthropology, the study of all aspects of human life and culture. Anthropology examines such topics as how people live, what they think, what they produce, and how they interact with their environments. Anthropologists try to understand the full range of human diversity as well as what all people share in common.. . Archaeology is part of Anthropology which study past human behavior only through from the examination of material remains of previous human societies. Archaeology only study human culture from the past. . . Anthropology study all aspect human life from all aspect not only from the past. They can also help us to learn ways to meet the present-day needs of people all over the world and to plan how we might live in the future.Archaeology is a form of Anthropology which deals with human material culture and remains. It deals almost exclusively with the past, but it doesn't have to. Like Anthropologists, archaeologists are studying people and cultures.Anthropology is, quite simply put, the study of human culture and behavior.  In North America, the discipline is usually subdivided into 4 subfields:. 1) Cultural anthropology or Socio-cultural anthropology - the study of living (i.e. current cultures).  This is considered a distinct discipline from sociology in the US - in parts of Europe, the two disciplines are much closer.. . 2)  Physical anthropology - the study of the physical traits of humans or human ancestors and other primates either in the past or the present, but typically the past and typically skeletal remains, though genetic study is also a part of the discipline.  Often closely associated with bioarchaeology - the study of human remains from archaeological contexts.. . 3)  Linguistics - the study of languages. . 4)  Archaeology - the study of past human culture/behavior.  Archaeology as a discipline is not limited to anthropology, however and archaeological studies and degrees are often granted by departments outside anthropology departments, especially (but not always) archaeology of historic or proto-historic periods, such as Classical Archaeology, Medieval Archaeology, Egyptian Archaeology, Syro-Palestinian Archaeology, Mesopotamian Archaeology.. Frequently, a distinction is made between "anthropological archaeology" and other archaeologies.There are a lot!. What's the difference between Medicine and Architecture?..... Think on it and make  parallels!the former is the study of artifacts, the latter the study of culturesthe former is related to the history of existance and the later with its origin including culture
me vs. my girlfriend....The classical dichotomy theory refers to the division between real and nominal variables in economics. Real variables as output, unemployment, or real interest rates do not necessarily have to be influenced by changes in nominal variables, as most importantly the nominal money supply. Changes in the money supply therefore do not - according to the strict dichotomy - influence real variables (monetary neutrality). The classical dichotomy was central to the thinking of early economists (money as a veil).The good and bad side to everything.This is actually a philosophy question.... Good or Evil. . but I think it should be. Chocolate or Vanilla
I think it depends....if you're home, better to wash hands,face and feet....you will feel a good change.... . If you're out, I think,the best way is to keep your mind busy with something different...or reading while having deep breath.... . The Golden rule is: try not to get mad...dont try. Your mind is having some fun. Let it.The golden rule is, “don’t make any decision if you are angry”.every person uses their own experiences to draw on when making decisions, consciously or unconsciouslyLook at something entirely unstimulating, such as an unadorned white wall. Take a deep breath, hold it, and let it out slowly on the count of six. Focus your mind, straighten you back, shake your fingers and wiggle your toes. Smile, turn on your heel and think rationally. Granted, you might have to be pretty quick about this if the house is on fire, for instance.You can't. You need to find inner peace (easier said than done) but rationalisation is a good tool if you control it rather than it control you.please hurry and catch up with your mind so you well know which way your mind is goingcontrol, breathing, or simply distraction. . try it, works for medenial, well, mostly for me anyway....I don't.
Fill yourself with knowledge and find out the person that you want to be. Sometimes you can't just be an intellectual...sometimes people are just born with it.Spend a lot of time on yahoo answersUnfortunately, that is something you cannot fake.  You can educate yourself and become more intelligent.  Read voraciously, and discuss what you read. Then, read some more. You stop learning, you die.Read.You read a lot. You study a lot. You learn a lot.read, read, read, and not trashy novels, I mean like poetry and encyclopedias that kind of stuff.and go places like museums,and historical sights.Learn and then discuss what you've learned.change ur name to an intellectual ?Read the classics - Dickens, Jane Austen, etc.. Study Philosophy - Plato, Socrates, etc. Learn about history and current events. . When people speak of "intellectuals" they usually refer to people who spend the majority of their time reading and studying.  This reading/studying is often centered around "classics" in literature, philosophy, psychology, history and politics.  An intellectual studies, reads and thinks about what they study and read.. . Spending a lot of time at a University library would be very helpful.Constantly read and expand on your reading.  Also, make sure you read a wide variety of things, including the classics.  Be open to new ideas and stay informed on current events.. There is a stereotype of the intellectual where they are snobbish, condescending, and obnoxious with their knowledge.  You don't have to be this way, in fact, you can be an intellectual and act as silly as a four-year-old.  It's a matter of the quality of your knowledge, its variation and expanse.  Knowledge makes you an intellectual and you can only get that through reading.
The significance of the pyramids is what really matters.  It took many many years and hundreds of people to build the pyramids.  The amazing aspect of them is the limits mankind pushed in order to erect the structures.  Many of the systems created during the construction to make construction possible were great technological advancements.  I would say the significance is overall in the limits that were pushed and the technologies that where discovered.Tourism in Egypt.The extant Egyptian pyramids have inspired the imaginations of those who looked upon them probably from the time they were first erected.  They serve as a testament to the creativity and abilities of human beings.  They have also inspired some shall we say, creative, theories regarding how and why they were built.. They serve as visible reminders of a great civilization that rose and fell thousands of years ago and as a reminder that people can achieve immortality in memory through their works.There have been cultural benefits. We all get to see the works of art that wer housed in them when we go to museums.I would think so.. They found alot of technology hidden within the ruins. Its helped set a time table for man. They kept good records of there civilation which helps us understand the times of that era.It was founded in the piramides a lot of things which purpose still we can not decode...They have benefited from the knowledge of Egyptians and their ways that they have learned from examining the pyramids. And I bet the thieves that stole all the stuff from the pyramids benefited by getting lots of money.We learned how to build pyramids.more importantly, how has mankind benefitted from your question?
Could drag a locomotive from New York to Los Angeles (but I forget where I read that.  It was like 45 years ago).If ants wher in human size us humans would be f%^K$d. Since the ant can carry ten times its wieght imagine how strong it would be. They would wipe out humans especially since when they reproduce they do it by the thousands. They would out number and dominate us in just about every way. Humans would'nt be strong at all. The ant would be the predator and us humans would easily slip into the prey catagory.Im not sure how strong a human would be, because ants are srtonger than humans, in proportion to there size. An ant can lift something like, 100 times it's body weight. Don't quote me on that, I could be wrong about the number, but I know it's something rather large.
It's clearing as I realise the truth33I'll get back to you. My mind is too opaque.Oh, deep man, really deep. p.s., Dave's not here....Check back later. It is to cloudy in there right now.
Training of Labor force.training, mentoring, support, and supervision. The notion is that you have "raw talent" within your work-force, methods as above will ensure they get better("develope")at delivering wot they do.
The answer is based upon mutual aid and support to deal with both adversity and opportunity. As we evolved into social creatures we became hard wired to belong.Keeps people motivated in life.because they are nosyWe are social animals.  We love to interact.  Even you, here on this board.People need to be excepted, and to be able to share their ideas with like minded people, without this sort of mental stimulation people can't develop further ideas, concepts and arguments for/against what they believe in.We were not meant to be loners. or to be alone for long periods of time.. We have the need to communicate with our own.. and to grow, and learn, and to teach.. Just the way it is..Becuz some people feel that it can define who they are as a person, or some find it a way to escape the outside world, or some feel that it is a way to connect with others with the same interestHey, if you cant beat them ,you join them.Soon, we all are gonna become homosexuals(?).
Because the world market is, by definition, larger than the market in their own countries. In short, more customersThings are cheaper over seas, why pay Americans for their labor when they can get it "on clearance" half way around the world.To increase their wealth through trade or sales. Also, they might move operations to where it is cheaper to run a business, like the Cayman Islands, Singapore or Monaco.because they make moneyLower wages for labor and/or materials and larger markets equal more profits!
Im a very honest person but everybody tells little white lies.  I've lied before and im sure everybody else has.All my 'white lies' are born from a reall honest :). egazmple: a lie to an old granny living in a neighbourhood "ur pie is the best pie i had ever tasted!" when it all went bad is kind of truth because it usually is really good. So to conclude i think taht sometiems we must lie.As far as a lie doesn't hurn anyone or doesn't do any other kind of harm i think it's ok.I am honest enough so that at the end of the day I feel satisfied with my activities. If that honesty makes you suffer i don't mind being a bit of dishonest.I am completely honest, when I say I am a total liar.8 out of ten. . I try to be honest most of the time.I'm very honest. The only lies I tell are christmas or birthday lies. That's when you lie a little so some one doesn't find out thier present or a surprise you have planned.(I learned this from my mom) I am not brutally honest though. I hate to hurt some one's feelings. If there is e gentle way to put something I do.I have never told a lie in my life.I must admit I am often a little too honest. I sometimes don't tell the truth but I don't lie.If I lie, its usually a whopper and something that I will have to continue with. Usually I just tell it like it is or I don't say anything at all. I find it is easier to keep one's mouth shut in situations where you would otherwise be forced to lie. It is best to be as truthful as possible when possible though!Yes to a fault.i'm very honest when i'm asked for my opinion about something. i never tell "white lies" cz i know i'll get nothing from them but trouble. i try to be as nice as possible but i don't lie about things either. that's what makes people like listening to me :]i'm honest.  i do tell white lies to spare another on occaision, but usually totally honest.  If they ask "does this make my butt look fat" -- if it does i will tell them!i try to be honest but some times it is necessary to tell lies !Honesty is a tricky matter. But i believe you should be as honest as you can whenever the situation calls for it.. You have to understand that lies (call them white if you want), really help in human relations all together. Just imagine your girlfriend bought a new dress and asked for your opinion, and you think it's ugly... would you say it to her face and risk a night spent at the couch, or would you say, it's nice i like it, even if you don't. Some lies promote human relations, some even save lies. But there are those who lie continously for no apparent reasons. Those people are known as Pathalogical liers. They have some sort of complex that makes them lie all the time.. They really need professional help. They aren't exactly happy, because they live in a world of lies... Hope that answered your question...I'm too lazy to lie, I find it to be "Hard Work", you lie once you'll  have to tell another, SOOOO!!! I try not to lie, " Hard Work".Honesty is the best policy you always get found out in the end!I don't lie about everything, so I'm not addicted. But I do lie every once in a while.white or any other color; I hate to tell lies. I am an honest person who has been punished by others for several times for being direct an honest.i am as honest as i need to be...to get what i want and to get what i need done ...done!!
Generally for two reasons.  First is to back up water to be used in creating electricity; the water running through the turbines spins a generator that creates electricity.  The other reason is to "store" water to be used for farming.There are several reasons.. 1.  To preserve water for drier times.. 2.  To accumulate water for irrigation.. 3.  To make electricity.. 4.  To run a grist mill.. 5.  To hold back flooding.. 6.  So beavers can have a place to live.. 7.  To form a new lake for recreation.. 8.  To drain an area for development.. 9.  Some people do it just to see what would happen.Well, there're made to divert water arnt they.  But heres a joke......What did the fish say when he swam into a wall.............Dam !!!electricty and stop flooding.So they can be used to create hydro-electric power, and where there was once just a bunch of water would then be converted into money.To stop extra water from coming into the other side of the dam. Why do you think the one in New Orleans broke? There was too much on both sides. I think."we've got all this flooding, what can we do?". . "i don't know dammit". . "dam it... good idea!"
Amino acids are proteins and we all need them.  There are many different amino acids and are found in everything we eat.Amino acids are the basic structural building units of proteins.. . All living things are made, in part, of protein.
There is this suite in Taj hotel in Agra. You can view Taj Mahal from this, even from the toilet.. . A room with a view...and it coses alot in this hotel.It has a window in it.1) my house. I live in the mountains on the top of a canyon so any room I am in in my house, if I look out of the window, it is a "room with a view".. 2) a book by E.M. Forster which was adapted for film in the 1980s.. 3) where I want to stay when I am on vacation.. 4) if you want to get philosophical about it, a "room with a view" could mean a plethora of things- an open mind, the afterlife (if such there is), a new beginning, prison cell (haha), and other things I cannot think of at the moment.Beachfront balcony on the 10th floor.Two things: . . 1) a nice, ritzy sort of room with amenities and an actual view. . 2) a room with a nice-looking person in itIt's a great movie with Helena Bonham Carter and Julian Sands. It's about a couple who meet at a hotel in Italy and slowly fall in love. Julian Sands is an unconventional and very sexy man who expresses his love for Helena instantly, but because of social restrictions, she doesn't immediately accept him.ROMANTICthere is at least one window with a view of something other than the parking lot, the building next door, or the roof of the rest of the buildingHo,ho,ho - I can't help this Ben...and the answer is "a woman who has had a hysterectomy" she has a room with a view!i think it means that its spechel difrent from one that dosent have one. and in a car we all want a window seatRoom with view means that when u look out of the window of that room, u will find a good view..like a beautiful lake or a valley..or any monument like Taj Mahal..or the sea..
A Lorenz curve is a geometric representation of the distribution of income among families in a given country at a given time. It measures the percentage of families on the horizontal axis arranged from poorest to richest and the cumulative percentage of family income on the vertical axis. Lorenz curves are most useful in visual comparisons of income distribution over time and between countries.it shows, the level of how wealth is distrubited in a countryIt has no significance at all except to bother us with all the calculation and plotting job and to fill the syllabus up!I do not know.
Do you think it's a bad thing or a good thing?  If you hate your name you could always change it.names are pinned on a person for life. they can give a good or bad reputation for someone. depending what the name is, and if it differs from the handful of common english names everyone has been using. if your name is harpenian, or cello for instance, people associate you with orchestra and all depending on whether they know what a cello is or if they even like classical music, will determine their opinion of you. now for the person themself, they are subconsciously affected by other peoples reactions and comments over thier life. they about know who will like them without question and will automatically be attracted to those people. thats not even saying if their good people or not yet. they know the folks who will say thats such a weird name or how do you say that again, and eventualy they shy away from them or develop their best defence answers for those people. then your judged because people dont know why you are mean to them. unless you come up with a very very good answer for people with unique names, youll usally nust end up mad at people and appear rude/mean/uncooperative etc...
Sounds like homework to me.... . YOu'd do well to research what portions of the enforcement aspect falls on producers, both in terms of structural requirements (quality of product, safety, recall services, customer assistance) and in terms of legal ramifications (responsibility for defects and injuries).producers do not care at all about consumer's rights.(if they want to make financial profit that is) they actually try to invent new artificial "rights" so that they will sell the products that "protect" them. it is really evil if you think about it.are nikki search on ask.com. i think u shud get
Your mental status. How well you handle yourself in different situationsit5 meaNS YOU ARE OK you didn't fly over the cucus nest yetto have an alert brain
There is a fine line that is crossed-a persistent man may think that there is some chance you will like him, and a reasonable person, looking at the situation, may tend to agree.  A stalker has crossed that line, and caused fear and anxiety-at the point the behaviour causes fear or worry, and you bring this to the person's attention, then their response determines that line, I would think.. Ok, I've answered an even dozen of your questions, and now I'm gonna stop..have fun gigglyIt's very easy: if you read my questions and answers in the immigration section, I'm being persistent: If you read the racists ones, they are being stalkers.Persistant just means that he asks you out again, no matter how many times you are "too busy" to see him. He doesn't give up. . . Stalking is when he is watching your movements. If he doesn't know anyone in your street and has no business in your street. then driving down your street is stalking.. . If he doesn't know anyone at your job and has no legitimate business at your workplace, yet is around your workplace, that is stalking.. . If he follows you, that is stalking.. . If his behavior is such that you fear he may harm you, call the police and tell them why you are concerned.A persistent man is just that...persistent. A stalker is  obsessed with you. Sixth sense. Listen to it.They only difference is in the result. You just have to wait and see.if you don't want the attention and the guy won't take 'no' for an answer then persistent or stalker is irrelevant: he has no respect for you or himself and is a threat to your peace of mind if not your life. If you don't want him or his attention you have the right to say 'no' and anyone who persists doesn't really like you anyway!A "persistent man" has money.A persistent man cannot understand the meaning of 'no', while the stalker understands it, but doesn't care to listen or heed the warnings.  Of course a stalker can also be a persistent man, but usually is a man with a mental illness, lack of maturity, obsessive, and downright mean...Um, well, what's he doing to you?  You'd have to be more specific.
to remember where we grew up . to know who we are and how much we change . do we move to forward or backward . to undrestand we have roots .A visual reminder of the sh*t our ancestors had to go through.....alot of peeps don't read so....
This is easy - All of us are more critical of ourselves than of other people. Our focus is constantly on ourselves, and only occasionally on others. If someone says something bad about something you're doing or otherwise, you'll immediately question what it is about you that led to the criticism. Human nature, nothing else.i think, using the example you have, it is because you have been set to fulfill that jobs duties and because you couldn't or someone find fault in it you feel as though you have not met the requirements.  since it is YOUR job then it is something that YOU should be able to do and no one else maybe.  but i think i would feel a bit disappointed in myself if i coudn't meet the requirements because that tells me i didn't do my best.As a PERSON I would tend to take things PERSONALLY. You as a person are the employee. (Sorry, I don't mean to be critical of you, the questioner, but I assume you won't take it personally).i think that most people are not happy with who they are  they need to learn to say to hell with themSalt only stings if you have an open wound.  Unfortunately a lot of us walk around with open wounds.Are you directing this question at me? What did I ever do to you?!Because everyone of us has a sensitive issue to talk about. Once we exceed the limit of morale to talk about it, they'll take it personally.Some times people do this because they found personals thinks or attitudes around them and they are afraid.....
Our memories are connected to previous experiences. Newborns have not had any previous experiences to connect them to.our brain and memory functions have not fully matured yet, therefore, it would be unreasonable to remember them.you dont remember that. I do I was covered in goop and some doctor smacking me on the but and I was crying. is that something I want to keep as a treasured memorytoo painful. we are in agony, so the mind cuts out those horrific head crushing moments.Some people do. Do a web search for NLP or Holistic Breathwork. Either of these therapeutic modalities can help you remember your birth.Our memories don't develop until we are a little older.  I was told once that also it would be a very traumatic memory for us to deal with since the birth process is stressful for the child, to leave a warm comfortable environment and enter a world of bright lights, people, noise, after being forced down a passageway that can be a bit of a tight fit ...Because your brain and memory is still too underdeveloped.  Also, that might be good thing anyway, as it is a potentially traumatic experience.
Literature is the written language"litureture" does not exist, if you search "illiterate" in the dictionary there's a picture of you.... Sorry, I just can't stand bad spelling.1. The body of written works of a language, period, or culture.. 2. Imaginative or creative writing, especially of recognized artistic value:. . literature is not only the ability of writing and reading. now adays it used as culture too. songs, books, poems are all connected with literature which can show the literature of a society.literature is any thing written to be called literature. basically anything readable that is called literature by the author.
The teenagers are mostly responsible for that.  Each generation tries to be different than their old fuddy duddy parents.  Just look at most adverts.  They are directed to teens most of the tme.We like to keep life interesting.
yes, i had a toxic friend once.  someone who as first seems like a great friendship because they call often and are always wanting to do something, but then they become overwhelming, demanding more and more from you while sucking energy out of you.  they are toxic because you end up feeling badly about yourself and spend so much emotion on their problems and the problems in the friendship that you feel bad all the time and end up having no other friends because you don't have time for them, or when you are with others, you're negative company venting about toxic friend.  if you've never known one, you've BEEN one!oh yea i had plenty of toxic friends who were very harmful to my feelings n emotions, i did avoid some n for some i had to come forth n address the issue to them face to face which worked but i never spoke to them agian. the reason why some ppl might be toxic is b/c maybe that individual never experienced self-worth, love by family, but instead was put down constantly or was hated by others, so as a result they turn out to be evil ppl!!some friend from ChernobylI dont know. write back, how old are you?A toxic friend can be lethal. like walking beside a full grown tiger for a month through the forests of Africa (you know at some point, that tiger is gonna get hungry).Friends that are also your worst enemies. if you have one its time you got rid of him/her. they will only bring you down.this friendship is probably no goodToxic Friends are also sometimes called "frienemies" because they actually are enemies. They reap psychological benefit by associating with you, but they are selfish and are basically using you. I don't avoid them, I use them in my own way too, so it's mutual.Someone whose presence takes much more fro you than is given back. Toxic means poisonois. If you are with someone who usually makes you feel bad, that's a toxic friend. You either need to lose that person or decide not to let them get to you.Both options work!I guess you could think of it like this:. . A friend is not necessarily someone you love because of who THEY are, but because of who YOU are when you are with them.. . If you do not like yourself when you are around someone, they are probably toxic.  It may not even be a trait they have that makes them a bad friend, but a trait you take on when you are around them.  A Toxic Friend is generally one that negatively influences you.. . It may help to address what it is about you that you do not like that is related to this friend.  If avoiding them is the only way to change things, then you would only be doing yourself a favor by cutting them out of your life.  You may, however, simply be able to change your own behavior and reactions to this person and still remain friends.No.A toxic friend is one who is ostensibly loving and supportive but who consistently and subtly undermines your self-confidence.  Examples:  "You aren't really going to wear that (color, clothing, hair style, whatever), are you?". "You're really not young enough to wear that."  "Oh, honey, you are such a klutz!"  "Will you ever grow up, or do you like being this way?"  " You always were a stumble bum!". "You were always brainy, but where is your common sense?". The perpetrator was my mother, so she was hard to avoid.  I occasionally have encountered a toxic acquaintance but never kept them around long enough for them to be friends.. Cut them out of your life!  Immediately!Someone who does not encourage, respect, or value you as a person. They are the users, the negative ones, bad attitudes, the people you get into trouble around. They contribute nothing positive to your friendship. Why be around someone that doesn't make you feel good or puts you down, or has bad vibes. Life is too short.it's a friend that puts you down or harms you in some way
Check out (http://www.reducingstress.net/ )there is a lot of great content and information on the subject there.. Also the stresseraser is a great product, you can find it at (http://www.buystresseraser.com )It's the other way round. Ovulation affects stress and depression.Well neither has ever affected mine, and I have no intention of including information on glands and systems I have no knowledge of.  All I can say is that your body wants everything to be in peak condition before you get pregnant, so if you are stressed or depressed, then your body picks up on this and puts off ovulating.The body is finely balanced so that when stress levels are high, the hormones affect the ovulation process. It's the body's way to prevent pregnancy at times when raising offspring is scientifically speaking less viable or preferable, which includes times of stress and depression.ur brain thinks abt sex n u get depressed. and 2 points 4 me
In reference to ants, they have what is referred to as an open circulatory system in which the organs and muscles are freely bathed in the ants blood called hemolymph. In the ants the hemolymph serves no function in gas exchange. The hemolymph cells are called hemocytes which aid in the ingestion of foreign particles, plugging wounds by coagulation, transferring of nutrients and waste products, and acting as a lubricant for organs, muscles, and their exoskeleton, and delivering water taken in from what they eat as well as from the air they take in through the tracheal system.Closed.DON'T NO SORRY
Rick,. .   women are preoccupied with your pocketbook because they see money as security in a relationship.  They are really insecure and need a man to be a provider!This shows low self-esteem.. . Darnit ... daddy didn't teach me this ... consequently, I've been able to build a nice nest for myself; but it's lonely when so many men who can't support themselves are around ... so I'm learning the HARD WAY that a man's wallet is important .... . Hmmm I guess it's only taken me 7 guys to come to this conclusion.  I guess just like when you see a fat women many conclude that she doesn't care about herself (low self esteem) --- so we can conclude that a man without a retirement plan - house - car does not care about himself therefore will never care about any woman he's with because of his own low self-esteem.Because these women are not feminists!Risking to sound like a gold digger I can tell you this: In today's world income is a refelection of person's mind, IQ, education, personality, social and professional skills, confidence. And that's what people (not only women) want in their partner. Nobody wants to date a loser, do they? Is here anybody who would be really interested in a dumb, unachieving, extremely shy and introverted person? Didn't think so.. By the way, there is some study showing that woman's income is important to men as well, but in a different way. Men do not want to date women in the lowest bracket of income range (for the very same reasons listed above!), but they also shy away from women earning a lot (man's ego!). An ideal female partner should earn somewhere in middle, right?. . PS - just for the records -I'm dating a guy who earns less than i do.I hate dirty filthy money,it's makes some people greedy and selfish,and the more they have the more they want materilistic things that don't matter in life.. When they die they can't take the things with them so what's the point of having all those cars,houses etc.. No wonder it's a sin.We aren't! . . While we are making generalizations here, why do men seem to be so preoccupied with a woman's bra size?I think you're hanging out with the wrong type of women, Rick.money rules the worldThey are not stupid.  Woman have brains.  Most are smarter than us men.  A lot pretend otherwise, but never forget they are Smart!Judging from many responses on this forum, it is because they want security, but I would say no one needs as much "security" as some spoiled women seem to believe they are entitled to. I make great money, am single and have no trouble finding dates, but I would be very picky before marrying anyone and would, in all cases, prefer a humble woman with values over one who thought about money and things she could buy with it.Not all women, but for those few who are interested in a man's income, there are many reasons. One could be that they are just gold-diggers, attempting to persuade the man into getting them whatever they want, and when they are finished using him leave him going onto their next victim. . . The other women just want to make sure that the man they are with is secure financially and other wise. Many divorces end because of financial situations, so those people, men and women, who want to make sure that their partner is financilly set are just doing it to make sure that problems will not arise due to finances in the future.because no matter what any female tells you there gold diggers one way or the other do you no the saying ? no money no honeylol  money money money  they evaluate you based on your income in part.You are hanging out in the wrong places.  Most of the college educated intelligent women I run with, could care less.  If you are looking for 2 t*ts, a hole, and a heartbeat.....you are probably gonna get someone that wants your money. If you are looking for someone intellegent to spend time with, of course they will come with the above, but also a brain.Rick, I am a woman and I've never cared about the guy's income.  But I am changing my mind because I noticed that guys who make less money than me TEND (not saying all) to be bothered by it.  They show it by becoming really insecure!  I didn't see the pattern before, but now that I'm older, I realize that I need to find a man who is "successful" in his own eyes coz if he doesn't feel this way -- usually successful = more money -- he is not happy and therefore, I am not happy.Women are smart - & they have to secure something somehow. ;-)
Dalits feel they have been given a raw deal. If you ask me, all caste lines are bullsh*t cos you have lots of rich "dalits" and poor "upper caste" people.Whey they are deprived of the basic privelage and rights they convert if they can be better off by belonging to another religion.bcoz they get converted to any religion where given money i suppose .thts wat used to happen earliaer rit....
It depends on the problem!  Try to solve it on your own first.depends on the problem, I would try to solve in myself but, if the problem is to big i would call a specalist.. teasily!There is no problem that cannot be solved through communication. Post it here, maybe you can get some help.Have a go at it yourself first. If you think its serious enough to involve others then try your friends.. But if you think its way out of hand then its a good thing to consult an expert.to solve a problem you need the correct formula, just like with math, if you don't have the proper formula you will never get a solution, and just like with math different problems have different formulas. And just like with math if you don't use it you loose it, so solve the problems quick and often is the best way.we should try to solve it on our own. if we can't solve then we should consult to an experti am of the opinion that if it is nothing important, then we can just simply solve it on our own. of course, gaining an expert's point of view would probably be valuable in helping you to solve your problem and that is why they are often consulted. just try to think of the problem from different angles, aspects, and point of views. explore every option possible and walk in someone else's shoes.. . hope that helped (:depends upon nature of problem............ it the matter can affect other also then always consult....... if it is related to you only then solve it yourself.The main Key in Solving any problem is COMMUNICATION, and it should be an understanding and calm as well, not shouting and yelling, and it also depends on the kind of problem, if communication doesn't work, then ask for help :)You are always your own primary care giver.  However nobody knows everything (not even a megalomaniac).  . . Use experts but don't rely on them.  What I mean by that is get information from experts but filter it through your own knowledge and experience.  . . Use the information but don't trust blindly.  Experts are people; some will help, some are in it for themselves and some will make mistakes.  . . Asking good questions, questioning the answers and then deciding for yourself is the best formula.Don't consult an expert. They are not intersested in you, only your money!
NOTHING BETTER TO DO-AT LEAST FOR ME ANYWAYS!!I AM ABOUT TO GO PLAY POGO BECAUSE EVERYONE IS DEPRESSING HERE TODAY!!~because an authority figure told you to...Who says they're foolish? I think it's my best daily pastime to answer and ask these questions, takes your mind to such strange and unknown horizons and they're funny too!!!Ah, what the heck it's harmless fun. Some of the questions are foolish, some serious, some funny , some just plain weird. If you have a bit of time to spare, why not? Some stuff I don't think is right though. I don't think it would take 36,664 years to vacuum the state of Ohio. Not if you used a vacuum with a hepafilter.Because this site is addicting :-)Because we are infinitely curious about each otherWhy Not? What would you be doing if you weren't reading such questions? Probably nothing. So, it's better to do foolish things than nothing.Because you find interesting facts like that it would take 36,664 years to vaccuum the entire state of Ohio.  But this doesnt account for the slope of the land, and going around trees and stuff, and not like lakes and puddles and stuff.  So why not ask stupid questions and get stupid answers when theres great knowledge from people like me.Because you like itbecause your a knobBecause you have nothing better to do, just like myself
nicknames are a term of endearment and have a psychological effect on those receiving the nickname.  i believe you are correct.Stop worrying about it.. Is it really that important?. Smurfette_au2000 got 2 points for answering your question and maybe she thought that was reason enough to answer what she may think is a ridiculous question.. btw thanks for the 2 points.. nothing against you but, maybe thats all it was and if it wasn't just call her Rude and that be the end   lol.
you can become smart by wearing cool clothes. and having a good sense of dreasing. also you can bcome smarter by being in touch with the day to day activities in and around you wich take place daily and having a good sense of knowledge!. speaking good and nice or probably elegantly and wisely shows that you are smart. then.... you should kno your basic ethicets and use them in front of others.. also BE YOURSELF. i mean behave asif there is no one above you , "YOU ARE THE BEST AND ALLWAYZ BE" dta type of an attitude will make you look smarter among the people around youHe should simply ignore them. They actually don't have to call someone a fit for nothing and not smart. Well maybe they do that because it's their unresolved frustration to be called a smart person. In any case he just needs to believe in himself and believe me it will all just come out.'The only way to gain knowledge is to obtain it'.. . Study.Smart is not someone cultivated, but someone who can understand and solve problems faster. A smart person should be able to encrypt what's ment behind a message either oral or written, and should be able to solve it. A cultivated person is someone who knows many things but cannot necessarely solve some simple things in life.i asked my self and my self said what. thats not a joke. know what life is about . ther are ways. liston to what pepole say. take it all with a littel gran of salt.hear is probly one of the best tools for knowing. who what wher when why and how.depends how importent is it to you. what are your goles. wher do you want to be.who you gona take with. thay are pushing you thay should try to be more suportive.who do you want to be.the real qustion is how good is he. are thay just tauunting him. if hes good enough he can say so. if hes not. dont rock the boat. ther are limits. some times famaly is all you got. you sound like a good friend. stay that way as long as you can.without knowing more its just pradel.the most importent thing is to be true to your self. if you do take crap dont let it ride you couse it can get heavy. oh yha the complaing thing dosent do any good be construcktive i have a friend he says what can you do when somthing aint right. i say what you can with what you got well you got it.
All I can say is....you are far from alone!!!  Me too!!!bad luck doesnt exist. its a matter of confidence, which can be ruined by almost anything. go out and do something that makes you feel good and happy, and your 'goodluck' will returnbecause someone stole your pot of gold.what has happened to you that was so bad?life is tough when you live behind the eight ballmakin bad decisions maybe??Its how you view it. If something bad happens, you could say "well that happened but look what I learned from it." This changes the whole thing into "good luck". They say we are what we think and if you think this way, you can be one of the luckiest people alive!!!everyone has bad luck sometimes...it will get better...well, because you think so.... Think positive.. You are more lucky than other people who is starving, who is sick, who is handicapped. . Im sick too... but im more lucky than those who have major sickness and have to go for operation, chemo... bla bla bla... Promise me, think positive. :)You probably don't have bad luck.  You just expect something different than reality.  You make bad decisions and when the consequences come you interpret it as bad luck.  For example if you speed and get a ticket you think it's bad luck.  I decided not to speed and didn't get a ticket.  I don't think you had bad luck, just bad risk-taking.  The problem is that you don't have a very accurate model of the world and don't take responsibility for your own actions.  I have seen this a lot with young people.If you can't get what you want, lower your expections. How do you know your luck is bad? Are you physically handicapped? Blind? Deaf? If none of these and still breathing, count your blessings. See Lucky Mojo onlineTrust me. Bad luck exists only if u believe that there is one like that. Its true that there is both BAD and good things that can happen to us. But the more possitieve and persistant you r towards to life, the lesser amount of BAD luck u will have.!!!!!!!!!  Good Luck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I feel some of us have worse luck then others, There is a saying "Born under a bad Sign"- I think I believe it.boo hoo!!! cause you suck it up like a magnet. put down your purse and cowboy up!!!Who told you that you have bad luck!!!!. . Be patient and you will get answere.. . Well wishesbcoz ur bad luck is toooooooooooo bad...MAYBE YOU'VE TREATED PEOPLE MEAN IN YOUR LIFE AND NOW KARMA IS GETTING YOU BACK.If it wasn't for bad luck you'd have no luck at all.. Gloom, despair, and agonoy on you.do not push it, it may get worse.cuz you dont have jesus in your life? i  dunnoThink lucky, be lucky, spread positive vibes, count your blessings, and things might change!Some people are just born losers...sorryBad karma.  Start treating people better.  What goes around comes around.I don't know I don't believe in luckCapitalismIt's all how you look at it...instead of dwelling on the bad things, look at them as though they are learning experiences and that they happen for a reason.Because some of us live in Murphy's Law world it's just that way I have bad luck most of the time I have learned to live and accept that as part of my fate in life.You don't have any more or less bad luck than millions of other people in the world.  My guess is that you have a negative outlook, and focus on the bad things whilst forgetting all the good luck that you have had, however small.find lucky objects. cats are lucky.  a spider-8 is the number of abundance. the eight-legged spider helps to bring wealth.. to find out more email me  . i can really help. your friend . blue butterfly
The Aryan migrations into India and Europe were roughly 4000 years ago. Since then the two populations in question have for the most part been separated and thus have developed different characteristics. Also, the part about Aryans being tall, white, and muscular is mostly derived from 1930's Nazi propaganda. While some Germans have those characteristics, it's probably best not to accredit the whole group as such, particularly when the term "Aryan" actually refers to a people group from the Central Asian steppes.No one knows what the real Aryans looked like. Hitler was fond of creating his own mythsI think your numbers are off for percentages...
They are unhappy an in their sorrow they say all kinds of things. Probably in the case of an expected sorrow, such as death of a near and dear one for whose life they have prayed  creates a feeling in them that God is dead, and hence their prayers went unanswered.. . It needn't necessarily be death, it could be anything.. tsBecause a lot of christians believe that God is Jesus, which I laugh at.They don't wanna see Truth.. It's scary.cos the world has finally opened up, and realised that haven is such a spiritual place, it simply doesnt exist. morever, god is a man made word.Because there are some things that they think it has to be done ... but it's not yet done.they see that the world is falling apart and god is suppose to save all, or something like that, and see that the problems are still well and alive. . . incase you were wondering, the philosopher who said that was Friedrich Nietzsche.The reason that people use those exact words is that its a quote from Nietzsche.  Its not hatred.  Its just one man's way of thinking that has touched a chord with many people.  . . If you don't like his way of thinking, fine but by criticizing this idea so harshly these people are saying more about themselves than they are about him.  . . Where is the love and the tolerance that Jesus talked about?  Maybe thats why this little sentence exists?  Ever thought about it that way?. . This is a famous line from a famous philosopher.  Perhaps try reading some Nietzsche before you condemn him.  You are welcome to object but please know what you are objecting to first.. . Maybe you prefer the Mad magazine version:. . 'God isn't dead, he just got the hell out of here'god isn't dead. god never existed as real entity. god is a creation of manThey have no faith and haven't found him/her yet.because he really is.. . No offense, I am a catholic but after having a discussion about the radical bible, I now believe that the God catholics we catholics are refering to is dead.. . The idea of having God in heaven, creates a distance between him and the believers. It makes God unreachable. The reason why we are indifferent. I do believe that that God in heaven who waits for us is already dead.. . The true God who is still alive is the one who is with us everyday. The one who is being refered to in the footprints on the sand. the one who is with us, inspires us, guides us, copmforts us, protects us.. . I am not anti-Christ. I truly believe in him just not as the person in heavens but who goes with me everyday. Carries me when I am in  burden and comforts me when in pain. The God who is alive is in me. Empowers me.
A priory is a monastery whose superior is a Prior.. Certain sects or groups of christians like the Dominicans, Augustinian Hermits, Carthusians, Carmelites, Servites, and Brothers of Mercy call their monasteries priories.. . You can find lots of detail in wikipedia (and you don't even have to get up from your computer).Okay "Coconut", let's see if we can do this together.  Get up from the computer, go to a bookshelf, pull out a dictionary, AND LOOK THE DAMNED WORD UP YOURSELF!!!!
Start working in home level..move onto your locality..move onto your city then to country and your next step (logic says) will be in the international arena... But in any case you must start from your home....and ask yourself why do you really want to be there... Are you blind about the needs of your own country or state or city or your village!!! Any way, best of luck.well it depends on your definitions of International Social Worker and what are you ready to invest. You are a social being and there is a lot of "social" around you - start practicing by trying to be good to all of the social around you and then if you need a diploma try the UN they are the most international can be . of course you can join one of many endless organizations that are doing so - what is exactly your wish by become one? Oh and hey - if you give your birthday I can tell you weather you should or not as well
According to Vedic standards-India's scriptures-one does not deserve the title "human"if he eats-like animals-flesh of other beings:he's an outcast,not worthy of any respect.... So plse,...be a vegetarian!being conceived and coming through the birth canal.weren't you born as one!!By being born, you are a human being, all people are human beings, its genetic manIf your parents were human beings, then you are a human too! It's not really something you have control off.why on earth would you want to become one of those creatures? They are all walking paradoxes!!! I do have to admit that they can be fun at times, though.The easy answer is you become a human being by being born. That makes you part of the human family. But to be truly human you need to see your larger destiny and your greater purpose. Only then do you become a true human being.VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY DIFFICULT QUESTION. look INSIDE uas a result of cross-breeding between animals!through SOCIALIZATION.Its only socialization through which a child who is nothing more than a biological being transforms into a human being.One can not become a human being, One is only a number. Can you be more specific?By honestly treating others as you want to be treated.  Don't treat others as they treat you.  That only brings you down to their level.By being honest to other human beigs.
Hmm, I dunno.  Maybe you're delusional.  Or maybe God made you that way.Perhaps it's to balance out your lack of other qualities.your not.... maybe your personality but not physically. sorryYour dad was handsome and your mom was cute!!  That's how you got to be the way you are, sweetie!Just because you are Derek and your mom did it right.:-)CUZ WE ARE LUCKY ENOUGH TO SEE A SIMPLE SMILEY FACE INSTEAD OF YOUR UGLY ONE. :)  (just  jokin)Give me a picture and i'll give you a truthful answerSo as a man thinkth so is he.   You think you are handsome and cute, therefore you are.u're notbecause girls can't justify calling you ugly or hot.Get over yourself.yup, grey complexion, tiny dot for eyes and perfectly lined smile suits the handsome and cute profileGenes, but if you are so handsome, why are you not using your beautiful face for your user pic?umm... in all probability... you must be blond!!! That explains why you asked such a question! Its' called genetics, by the way.Because God created you like that!!!I know: you are Gay and want to come outDon't flatter yourself.It's impossible to say without seeing you, but just by the way you talk about yourself, that makes you uglyThat is the way you said..that is the way you think & that is the way I don't know..!!!!
I think if you only do good for everyone else, you end up attracting more of the people that take advantage of you.  The key has got to be in balancing good for YOU and good for OTHERS.  Its hard to make everyone else happy if you're miserable...In general:. You don't have to have a good reason to say no, if you want to say no to someone or something just say  "no" and if they ask why....Say " because I don't feel comfortable with that" Any excuse just sets you up for an argument where someone tries to talk you into something.. If someone makes a request and you are trying to think up a good reason to say no then the answer is no.. when anyone responds  with "yes but..." what they are really saying is no...don't waste your breath after that.. If you think someone is lying they probably are, if you think something is wrong it probably is, if you have to do a reality check they something is telling things are hinky somewhere. In short trust your instincts to tell you what is what.  You head will lie but your gut won't.. And  TA DA.... The magic word is " NEVER-THE-LESS" because it sucks up arguments and works on every one! regardless and whatever works too.. In my profession I work with lots of cons and manipulators and my BS detector has to be finely tuned to keep me safe. I work in a job where I try to help people in a hole change their life for the better but it is not easy. In the end it their job to make the changes I just point out the obvious. Don't loose the part of you that believes change is possible and you can be an agent of change but don't be a doormat either. Take care of your self.You can do what is RIGHT where others are concerned without being an ENABLER for their weaknesses.  You CAN say no and still be a good person doing good.  If a friend for example figures out that she can use you as a convenient "drop off" for impromptu babysitting and she starts asking you WAY more than you feel comfortable with, but you want to do what is the "good" thing, ask yourself if you are enabling her to do something that is not "right".  In that situation you are clearly not doing a "good" thing for yourself or her.  Don't let guilt make you a sap. That is not a "good" thing either.I dont think it is necessary to get rid of those who take advantage of your doing good.You are not doing good to impress anybody, you are doing good because it is good to do good.Say no to them. Say no to whatever that there are trying to take advantage of. Once you learn how to say a firm no and get them to stop, you will find it easier to get what you want instead of what they want.. . Be polite but firm. Coz they will eventually see you are no pushovers.Karma.  They will get theirs, you will reap what you sow.  You will get what you have coming.  Be patient. It's not what you have or don't have, it's how you play the game.  You can be very "good" and still successful.  There is a concept called drala, fostered by awareness, gentleness, and appreciation.  It is repelled by speed, chaos, and carelessness.  Drala basically means good luck.  Email me if U want more on this.Boundaries. It is important to know when doing good for others would cripple them or make them dependent on others.  Ask yourself, is this something that this person would feel good about themselves if they would do this for themselves?  If they are unable to do for themselves, it is the right thing to do it for them.  But if they need to start learning to do for themselves, then your "no", thus setting a boundary, could help them to realize they need to do it for themselves.You get frustrated at some point at people taking advantage of you and yell at them and they stop asking for favors.
how about just removing the colorful balloon's effects? Turn the room pitch black and you may forget the balloon was ever there.gently poke with a pinWith a flamethrower. Wheee!I'll bite it or sit on it.Do I have to?!With something sharp.with pressureWith a knifeBy scorning it and making it feel worthless.I'm not so sure why you ask this, but my choice is I'd just pop in any way possible.
This's only a guess, but I think I get it.. The Founders were against two party systems(i.e. democrat vs republican). They said it would devide the country(which it did) and the question is asking if those concerns no longer seem valid or something... whatever borne out means.. too vague for me.wow...it's too late to think that hard sorry!To answer this question, first you have to research how the Founding Fathers felt about interest groups and political parties.  Then, based on your research, you have to describe whether or not the Founding Fathers were correct or not about their fears by comparing their thoughts with our national politics today.
The brain gets nerve signals regarding the information it stores. This kind of info is generally stored in the Long term memory or the Permanent Memory. Such information is never leaked out or revealed as a certain kind of fear is attached to this information regarding the consequences if it is revealed!as human beings we can never live alone.. we tend to share our life experiences with others.. and in this way it gets value to us.. and by being socially engaged it enhances our own self-esteem.. . . but to keep this society strength we are always tough what we call ethics.. and the most fundamental concept about is to treat others the way you want them to treat you back... . because if we didn't do so the society strength will fall apart.. and we no longer be able to share our lifes with each other.. and then we will be so self centred and selfishness and individuality will rise.. and this will cause us into more materialistic view of life... . so it is not a human brain function.. as much as it is a sub-conscious decision due to realizing the negative consequences of not keeping a secret, as it will cause to loose the trust of the people we care for, and also not being accepted..just tap there mouthwell you talk with your mouth so if u tell someone something thats suppose to be a secret then u can't keep one. If you just keep your mouth shut then the secrets safe. It's not part of a brain function its more of a decision.the temporal lobehm. i dont know. . . but if you ask me, i simply try to forget all the info about that person . eg, push all the things about XXX to the back of my head, and in e mean time , forget about it.. . there are times where i accidently tell a secret. for me , its usualy subconsiously spoken( i dont even know i said all that till the person tells me)
He used sex and brainwashing and mindcontrol.The kids who joined his cult were run aways. A combination of drugs, and strange customs and rituals eventually brainwashed them. Also, he started by having them go in an just trash houses or rearrange furniture. He didn't have them kill right away, he weaned them into it.talk about sex, drugs, rock n roll....them being runaways,. etc....but the man had charisma...the it factor that each was seeking...his sick mind and sick soul manipulated vulnerable women and men to doing what he wanted. he had a perfect form of . solitary brain washing that he knew he had lifetime followers. His preachings led people to believe through his ways and drugs that they were killing evil for peace sake.. When really they were murdering for him celebrities he did not like.dope
i experience it alot. it emans when something hapopens like maybe you went to a place or listened to a song in a specific place and you feel "i have alerady done this".like i get it everyday i learn something in clkass and i feel like this already happened.if you ever just FEEL like you have already experienced being at a certain place or doing a certain thing.what they said:DWhat is Dejavu?. Have you ever experienced Dejavu? What do you think it is? . . . It is when something happens which you have seen/heard before. Or think you have. It happens to me regularly. I think it might be your subconscious mind telling you something is about to happen, eg, you might be going on holiday and "recognise" a place you have never been to. It could be that it just hapens to be exactly as you imagined it and that is dejavu. Or, if you believe in past lives, it could be that one of your past incarnations had something to do with it. .  . . That's de ja vu, means seen before and yes plenty of times, I have to stop and just think and try and get out of it, it's normally from dreams, not big stuff though, just little things like what's on telly at the same time someone is having a conversation."Deja Vu" in French means "already seen". And that's what it means. Something happens, and you feel like you've already been there/done that. I think it's just things that you see in a dream and later see in life.have we got a parelled earth that are ahead of us.Its when you think youve already experienced the same situation twice. Like when someone says something and you can swear that youve heard that person say that same thing before. It normally happens when you dreamt something similar and your brain cant tell the difference but it can recall it.WHen u see something that u have already seen before. i had it just the other day in fact.........It is much like what was already quoted. Like repeating something that you have already experienced once before. ...... ^_^. . It is much like what was already quoted. Like repeating something that you have already experienced once before. ...... ^_^. . . (see that is what deja vu is like)It is when something happens which you have seen/heard before. Or think you have. It happens to me regularly. I think it might be your subconscious mind telling you something is about to happen, eg, you might be going on holiday and "recognise" a place you have never been to. It could be that it just hapens to be exactly as you imagined it and that is dejavu. Or, if you believe in past lives, it could be that one of your past incarnations had something to do with it.when u repeat something NOW GO TO MY QUESTION. http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgDmq6FO_CAgZEi3tYsVr_zsy6IX?qid=1006052016515
Because their Mommies never taught them personal hygiene.Because they are pigs.. . Check that, it's insulting.  To pigs.Cause they figure if they don't pee on their hands then it's not necessary. Think about it, do you see them rushing to the bathroom after they stick their hands down their pants to scratch?Because they are lazy.  It's gross.Cause they r lazy and dont think they should after they shake it off. When they shake it off they dont realize it shakes off into their hands too.Actually, it's not just men!. . I've stood by the sinks, waiting for the queue to go down so I can go to the loo, and there are SO many women, mostly old ladies actually, that don't wash their hands, it's disgusting!. . EVERYONE should wash their hands after going to the toilet, those who don't wash them are spreading, disease and germs, and could inadvertently end up killing someone. WASH YOUR HANDS!!!!!!!!! please.I know some men that wash their hand hands before they take a leak, Men think that since they have a outside organ that their little penis are not dirty.cause they are pigsThey don't have girlfriends. My Bro was fine but now he has a girlfriend and he is so clean somebody would let him live in the hospital.Lack of training!!!Because we are only grabbing our dicks.  Dicks are generally clean.  I usually was my hands after taking a leak, but I ALWAYS wash them after taking a dump.becuase it cuts down on time they could be spending waging war and building stuffYou said it all in that question, they are men! Some men are nasty and don't care about personal hygiene. People like that are what make the rest of us sick. They go urinate, don't wash their hands and then go touch everything. Gross!!!!because they are inconsiderate pigs.. . every time i se it i just want to follow them out and yell....HEY HE DIDNT WASH HIS HANDS!!!!!it is usually when they're in there own house they feel they dont really have to, otherwise I always wash my hands. this is advise from someone with experience.. . BEST ANSWER im tellin ya.Men just have a habit of doing what they want. They do know that it is not hygenic not to wash their hands but they are lazy and don't carish. They think that if they just rub their hands on their pants that they are ok.  I never stop telling my husband and son to wash their hands. I never have to tell my daughter. Howere, in the las few years, I have seen an improvement in that habit, not only with the male in my family but with many other guys.. observing from family gatherings and public places at which we stop to snack when travelling.they wollow in their own filth. . " WHEN YOU TINKLE AND YOU SPRINKLE . PLEASE BE NEAT AND WIPE THE SEAT!"They must think they havent touched anything dirty. Isnt urine sterile anyway?AND WHY IS IT THOSE SAME PEOPLE WHO SEEM TO BE OUR FOOD HANDLERS?Because it actually not dirty!!! if you ever heard anyone die from this kind of infection!!!cause you would get more germs from touching the foset and everything then not doin it you know what i meanI wash my my hands but most guys are just nasty.Are you going to die if you haven't washed your hands after pissin? (answer:NO)Why waste time, we men don't care, unlike you little girls.
Cuz they (the pepol) might lose it if they walk. Sort of fright - flight response, natural to most living beings, animals included.to escape the pain and achieve the rewardBecause they can and it sure beats trying to hop for your life on crutches.U RUN TO ESCAPE AND NOT NECESSARILY TO SAVE YOUR LIFE.A very learned question. One of life's imponderables.well because they dont want to die.because someone is chasing them?If they feel like living, that's something worth running for.if they don't run then whateva is chasing them might just kill them.Because, you CAN NOT regain your life. If you loose it, you lost it for ever. It is something to treasure and run away with it when threatened.to make an adenture of a living, unless scared, they will run, continue running until they reach thier destionationPeople run for their lifes because they think it is painful to get hurt and die as nobody has come back from death to tell them, "please don't run for your life, it is not painful, but infact it gives you freedom from all worries....."
Sort of....i used to dream that i have a place of my own, a car, a good job and be independent.. . Now i have a great job (which i earn quite a good sum), i have an apartment (share with my 2 friends) and i just bought a car last year. I'm also independant, as i live in a different country from my parents.No..  as a kid I wanted to be a pilot.. maybe a bush pilot.. but now I'm a process server..Hell no! I just never learned to plan I guess. Fail to plan then you plan to fail... But 'Carpe Diem'! Everyday can be the first day of the rest of your life, right? The more you get into your routine of 9-5 and paying bills and responsibility and all that - the less mobility you have it seems. Cleverly designed system. Most of us are just fancy new age peasants, me thinks.as a child dont we all have dreams of being a sportsperson, a astronaut etc, thats why they are fantasies, as you gow reality kicks in and unless lucky we end up in the rat race, im happy with how my lif has and is turning out, ok im not the footy player i wanted to be but i have a good life both sociable and familyNo way....when I was growing up, my thoughts were that I would have the husband, the house with the white picket fence and the 2.5 kids, a dog and a BMW.. . I have no house, no husband, no kids, a cat and a Honda.. . But oh well...I have my life and my freedom and my friends and family...so I'm OK.
first you need to deprogram about 2 thousand yrs of religion then hammer the truth to every available surface so that they have no choice but to study it. If your lucky you may get roughly 40% to see it your way, the remainder will carry on due to FAITH in their belief'sBecause that kicks their pretty "god created man" theory. And that would leave churches powerless, and many people would have to look for some other easy way to manipulate people like cattle. Religions are too good a mechanism to screw, just because it is based on a belief more and more disputable by scientific facts.Depends on what political front you are on,Do some research,. look in the Internet,or just watch the news,Genetics is proving that the human race evolved from a one man one woman. out cropping,again from central mid east Africa.Um i had heard. of this theory in a lost sea scroll found in the 70's,. and some king from the dark ages commenced a book on it,elbiB.Too many people hold on to their archaic religious beliefs and are blinded by the facts.It does seem contradictory that an intelligent being would 'refuse to consider the evidence'... evidence leads to truth and accepting truths is part of what it takes to be an intelligent person. there is nothing wrong in having common ancestory with apes... it only means that humans are the result of the evolved ape species. we are more intelligent than apes, but they aren't so stupid either... so i don't see why the suggestion that we have evolved from apes is insulting. It takes an intelligent person to look at evidence and facts and acknowledge that there was life on earth before the human race and that humans are only a small part of the earth's biosphere... we are not at the centre of the universe... other species are just as important as we are.religion requires faith,. truth denies faith. without faith .... . p.s. Man IS an ape!!we do not come from apes u think we jus evolved to a human that uses only 10 percent of there brain and our brain is greater then any cpu that has ever came out or will come out and u think we come from a common animal jus because thats the closest things humans can come up with because life is supposed to be logical ? no we didnt evolve from apes...jus like there is bigfoot and the jubricabra and aliens also huh? nope ur wrong sorry trace a bloodline of a human and a apethere has been proof of extinct animal forms that have similar skulls as humans. they hooked up with apes or other species and cslowly changed forms. if your asking if . hu-mans and hu-womans came from apes alone that is definately a no. it still is possible that the gods (to each his own) created these different two legged animal speices and they evolved as far and best as they could, and then as all nations have a creation story, the gods brought people down here, or created them here, and they may have evolved with those animal forms. i highly doubt that though. but its as best a theory i can give for now...you better get your facts in order before asking.thanksYou can either BELIEVE or be able to consider any evidence.Because they have free will.
make them face the consequences of having sex before considering how a baby would affect their lives. I hope it does become illegal, those women do not deserve any rights, so what if it's "their" body, they need to grow up and face it like a strong woman, not a coward and murderer.would be a blow to their independence ,and freedom and right of women in general.They will be really mad and pissed.  They will get organized and be a force to deal with.  It will probably help them.  On the other hand, the anti-abortion folks will probably fall to arguing with each other about specific rules on abortion etc.  it will mean they lose their unifying factor.  this is what my mom says.  she read an article on it in some prestigous magazine.maybe there would be alot less unwanted pregnancies cos they know they will have to keep it.. maybe hustlers will find a way to make money out of backstreet abortions or maybe it will be the end of the human race cos every woman would most probably have butchered ovaries and wombs and become infertile from self abortions.. Or maybe the world will become over populated and each couple will only be allowed one child. If a couple were to have a baby it could lead to imprisonment and the sacrificing of the babyIt will cause a huge explosion in feminism. Women will unite under the banner of feminism to use stand up for what they believe is right. It's a very strong platformi dont know if it would have any effect but if you dont want kids dont open your legs...its that simple.It would bring about a REVOLUTION. Making abortion illegal only does one thing, it increases the resentfullness towards our gov't and High Courts.It will make for a lot of cranky whores who will be mad at losing a contraceptive option.Making abortions illegal would not stop abortions. They would still get abortions. I don't know what affects it would have on feminism....*shrugs*It would put the feminist movement back one hundred and fifty years! . It's like taking away the entire Bill of Rights.. . If you're a dude, don't worry yourself over what a WOMAN does or doesn't do with HER body! . I've heard of penis envy, but when a man has uterus envy it's just plain pitiful!
Any idea, memory, word, sound...anything that signals your brain.. . ? rhapsodygood question. there are many theories none at which a can tell you. but i would say that a thought is a reflection of your personality in combination with the situationThat. Thats a though right there. The question "what is a thought" is a thought. Whatever you think of is a thought.your mind making a sandwish out of your brainAll your senses coming together and meeting in your brain which gives off a thought.Something you just displayed. It'd be a shock if you displayed that trait again.a blue print of the pastAn area of your brain is working.Waves of memory advancing from the present to the future and develop ping into patterns and actions.  At times it may be wandering in the past brooding on the very old occurrence and happiness and pains.thought    (th?t) KEY  . . VERB: . . Past tense and past participle of think. . NOUN: . . The act or process of thinking; cogitation. . A product of thinking. See Synonyms at idea. . The faculty of thinking or reasoning. . The intellectual activity or production of a particular time or group: ancient Greek thought; deconstructionist thought. . Consideration; attention: didn't give much thought to what she said. . . Intention; purpose: There was no thought of coming home early. . Expectation or conception: She had no thought that anything was wrong.The expression of your being's creativity and energy developed in an organized and expressable manner.the subconcious mind being activeIt is a function of the Mind.. Those who don't have mind,cannot think.Something you haven't acted on. In it's first stage of developement.It is an illusion that we independently originate all the thoughts that our own minds come up with.  The truth is that we  (we: a world full of people) co-exist with a heaven full of spirit people and this includes spirit people who have been around for a lot longer than we have, have learned more than we have learned, are smarter than we by far, have lived longer than we, by a long time.  Some of the thoughts we give ourselves credit for, really come from them.  And it is not an accident;; many of them know that they are helping us and they do it on purpose. In organization oftentimes they do it, to teach us to be better, as we teach children under us. . Sometimes, and often, spirit people of quite another kind and and level teach  bad things, teach untrue things, inspire weak people in bad temptations,and cause weak people to do  things that ought not be done.  To the downfall of civilization human beings can and are led sometimes... It is important for us to be strong minded, to control our thoughts, because we are responsible for our own actions and thoughts lead to actions.the beginning...everything...EVERYTHING..begins with a thought.the act of sequential perceptions of images sounds and actions, with the logistics of analysis and consequence, as one single process. or. the Design of God created for most living things to reflect his image. and his gerater charecter.. or. what do u think?Without a doubt, I believe your question has validity. But with that said, it will be necessary to check into my archives of linguist thoughts on this particular subject matter, to ascertain as to the best and most beneficial response scheme possible. Although the question has some important thoughts and validity, I would advise you to seek a professional who can best serve you, since most of the people, who answer questions are good at cutting and pasting, spreading descent, and peddling gloom. Although I will do my best to be forthright in giving you the best answer possible, I am afraid anything that I write would be taken entirely out of context. For this reason, and this reason alone, I will say there are always good answers; but rarely are there perfect answers. So my answer can not and will not serve your needs for anything medical or evangelical. I will only answer by saying this is my best sentiment for which I have actually put my best foot forward to be able to reach a solution to your question that is embedded with perplexing thoughts; it in no way reflects my moral values or any opinion of my business, that will remain incognito.Somthing you think of
There is a well recognised sixth sense called proprioception - our sense of where our body parts are.  Close you eyes and touch the tip of your nose with your finger.  Almost everyone can do it, but have you ever wondered how your finger knows where your nose is?Equilibrium.huh? well, normally you have only five senses, so any other sense extra would be a the sixth one.Sixth Sense May be a Little Short-Sighted LOL. .   Actually, there are apparently a good dozen senses and some psychological researchers have catalogued more than 20 different types of intelligences.  It's just because when most of us were children they talked about five senses just as they talked about 9 planets (most astronomers today don't believe that Pluto fits the definition of a planet and many believe there are two more <both larger than pluto> lying even further from the sun than pluto) that we still tend to talk about merely five senses.. . But answering your question in the spirit in which it was written, I won't nitpick.  Whatever number of human senses scientists and medical people come to finally document, there will always be talk of other (one or more) perceptive abilities that lie outside the 'normal' range of the vast majority of people.  ESP (extra-sensory perception) as the original 6th sense meant some power to perceive outside of what ordinary smell, sight, sound, taste and touch brought the individual human being.  . . This sixth or extra sense seems to explain the virtually unexplainable to many people.  To some people simple intuition is considered an 'extra' sense.  To others spectacular athlethic abilities uniting two or more of the other senses (e.g. sight and sound such as when a centerfielder turns his back to homeplate in order to run full speed to the spot where he will finally look over his shoulder as he jumps to catch the ball) and other seemingly spectacular coordinations of multiple senses constitute the sixth sense.  Finally to others almost magical powers (pretty much unscientifically substatiated gifts) like clairvoyance, telekinesis, telepathy, etc. are the only 'extra sensory' powers worth talking about.  . . From a logical point of view, ESP of this latter type is almost unprovable.  For an example of this:  the sleeping prophecies of Edgar Cayce have largely proved out to be hogwash.  But his hypnotically inspired medical treatments in cases where conventional medicine failed seem to be a case of major miracle after major miracle (Cayce, I believe, had an eighth grade education).  But no scientist worth his salt will study the incredibly well-documented records of Cayce the 'doctor' because Cayce the sleeping prophet was a total washout and has no credibility.  In other words, when it comes to wielding ESP, everyone who claims to do so, fails at least as often as they hit and 50/50 doesn't excite anyone.you agree with me or not sixth sense is a kind of abnormality that some people possess.we have 5 senses so we can understand this world in 5 ways...i.e. by looking at it, by hearing, by tasting , by touching and by smelling it....we make sense of this whole world though these five senses....suppose if we didnt have sight....then could we ever understand light and dark, red colour, blue colour, etc. etc. and we would have never bothered about them too.....so i feel that we could have some other senses too .... through which we could understand some thing which we cannot right now....its sixth sense... there could be seventh sense too....who knows.....to get in touch with your kunduliniperception,intuitionintuition?Since Psychologists have a much broader view than psychiatrists I would think they would be less likely to find a clinical, or physiological explanation.  I really haven't studied this aspect.  I know that there is a sixths sense.
Get a Sage stick and burn it while walking around the WHOLE house saying "I cleanse all evil from this house, may the evil energies leave, I cleanse you now and make this a house of white and pure" after go to a nature site and write this on some recyled paper "I am but a good soul on this Earth, Nature is forgiving, may the curse leave me now" Read it as you burn it under a Oak tree, burn it from a lit sage stick, then at night say "Thank you Earth element, I love nature". . It should work, but may take upto a month to take effect, do the house cleanse on a sunday and the nature self cleanse at full moon at midnight, if this doesnt work it is a very strong curse, in which case contact me.Eat a toad? Why was the spell put on you? did you do wrong?Who did it?What makes you think the spell is working? I could go on, but this is probably nonsense anyway.stick a sprig of thyme up your buttI have heard that lighting a bunch of rosemary and waving it all around you helps..........go through the motions and believe in it !!Spells do not exist in this world.wake up and get real!with a magic spell. or you could pray to god if you're a christian.As I don't practice Wiccan...........there isn't enough information to know what spell....or why it was cast. They said to confront to castee and apologize. If she is sincere, she should take it away. If she is not...at least you'll know why she did it and can add to this site and receive better answers.pray to God
To me it is referring to the ultimate creative act, bringing new life into the world.  Only females can do that.  It's an awesome power.Indeed, woman is the vessel Christ uses to bring life into this world. However, woman is solely a vessel, Christ is Life. Don't forget.. . Also, the Da Vinci Code is nothing but foolishness. Even the author calls it fiction. As well as all respectable historians, of which many are not Christians. Also, experts in art have studied Da Vinci's painting and have confirmed the one leaning on Christ's chest is John. Age has just distorted the painting, so that his masculine details have been softened. Thus, seeming more feminine. Basing any philosphy or ideology on fiction is nothing short of ridiculous and silly.
(1) Dunblane is one of main settlements of Stirling (unitary authority)north-central Scotland.. . (2) It is  bordered on the north by Perth and Kinross unitary authority, on the east by Perth and Kinross and Clackmannanshire unitary authority, on the south-east by Falkirk unitary authority, on the south by North Lanarkshire and East Dunbartonshire unitary authorities, on the south-west by Inverclyde unitary authority, and on the west by Loch Lomond and Argyll and Bute unitary authority. . (3) Stirling unitary authority came into existence on April 1, 1996, as a result of the Local Government etc. (Scotland) Bill 1994, which provided for the restructuring of local administration in Scotlandthats DUBLIN. . edit: oh never mind you said scotland10 years ago 16 children and their teacher were killed at Dunblane Primary School. They were shot by a man called Thomas Hamilton who then killed himself.in the old Gaelic language of Ireland and Scotland it means "Blane's fort". sometimes rath is used at the beginning of some place names this also means fortIts a place in Scotland where about 15 children were shot dead at school about 10 years ago.m-w.com
sudden illness of childYou can't smack 'em cuz they're not yours.. On the other hand, you can send them home every day.Missing your students. Or getting attatched to them that it will be hard to let go.the low payThere is a medical condition know as "Teacher's Bladder" As a teacher you are not able to use the bathroom regularly and later in life can develop inconstince as a result.It's much more than working with the kids.  You also have to deal the the parents and the school administration, both of which can be a challenge.I'm a High School teacher and prior to that I was a Teacher's Assistant for 3 yrs, and let me tell you that I do not want to teach colors, ABCs or songs, I much rather teach a class and have an intellectual discussion with students. Not sit around clapping and doing the chicken dance.Lots of hard work and stress - but I assume you will have already thought about that.. . The thing that comes to mind if I think deeply about this question is a lack of passion from colleagues.. . If you are a passionate teacher, always trying to push boundaries and provide authentic and stimulating learning experiences for your students, apathy and disinterest from colleagues (especially those hierarchically higher than you) is a serious downer!  . . Make sure you are ready to fight for your beliefs and be a pioneer of change - this is one of the most difficult, and also one of the most rewarding aspects of elementary teaching.What about having to deal with disruptive/noisy kids and there being no chance to expand the subject knowledge you have acquired because you will be teaching at a low level?
i think people that are answering with the facts are really quite dependable with the facts that they present.  it is the esoteric questions that people like you ask that get answered the most.they want pointsboredompoints are "good". . and its like. 2 points. so if you answer 40 wsn, its 80 pts. . . sides, why do we need to be good at our ans, when others will do it, yet we still will get pts?Because they dont know they dont know.Okay, you are right again. Listen, could I have a copy of the rules so I'll know the right way to do everything?
I wish you didn't!  I will pray for you ok?Because we are human.people  hurt  in side  out, because of the heart is on the inside.  Then  it  turns to tears on the out side.because they can only feel good outside in.
Check the mailbox and the newspaper.  No mail= It's Sunday, and the newspaper always tells the date.Dunno - can you see a giant calendar from your window?. . I can't tell any difference, personally.. Here, in a country with a Christian heritage, Sunday mornings are normally a little quieter (some of the shops open later, and some of the public transport runs less frequently).You could ask someone or get a digital clock and stick it to the windowI don't know - how can you tell what day it is by looking out the window? What does this have to do with Anthropology?Because you knew what yesterday was?!?!Look at the digital bank marqee across the street for the date and time.
Pick the one that cooks the best and makes you happy.  a nice *ss doesn't hurt eitherThe more she does for you, the more she loves you.  If you've got a couple to pick from, see who'll join in - menage le trois !the one who makes your eyes dance and your heart singFollow your heart and your instincts.  Honesty, truth and sharing your core self with someone you love is key.. If all you want is a maid, then forget my advice :)honest   non-materialistic    dreamI think that you should choose your girl by what you guys have in common. and how you feel you will know who the right girl ispick someone kind loving is repectful to your parents and siblings..likes children and house worksomeone that is your freind, not just looks good. someone that you knowisnt gonnab a drama queen, andis not completely hideous.
Don't let your meat loaf."If I fart, you will move" - anonymous. . "Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.". . "Nobody F!@#s with the Jesus!"  - Big Lebowskiforget yesterday,for the day is today and tomarrow is yet a dream,know that i am what i am,and what i may not be,tell me friend,what is to be of me today if not for tomarrow in a dream,LIFE.... . in life you're a hammer or a nail,be the hammer and everything else is the nail
It's so effective because it takes whatever it is criticizing to a point that you have to laugh and proves the truth of the criticism.  Effective satire has to be based on "truth" - the characteristics satirized have to be there, exaggerated but there.. . Example:  "You might be from Wisconsin if you consider it a sport to gather your food by drilling through 38 inches of ice and sitting there all day hoping that the food will swim by."I once managed a restaurant where I had an extremely gifted young man as a waiter..His incredibly dry humor delighted the snooty people that frequented the upscale restaurant.... . And I was always amazed.. being the type of person that would want a happy customer.. I wouldn't have dared said HALF the things he was able to get away with.. . My favorite was once when I saw this waiter speak to a couple and they laughed and then the man of the couple decided to give a joke in return.. to which I heard the waiter say with a smileless face, "I'll go get your coffee now to go with that really bad joke".. and he simply walked away from them, they burst into laughter again.. . I thought.. How blessed he is to tell another person EXACTLY what you think of them, even if he exaggerated what he really meant and have them roll it off their shoulders as being unoffensive. . . I must revise to say, there were so many ways this young man could make a mountain out of a molehill and still keep them laughing. A tie, an umberella, a vehicle, it didn't matter..he could say the biggest whoppers of small truths he actually felt, and he still received smiles...but got his point across just the same I am sure.because it elicits an emotion at the same time states a point, so it is more likely to attract attention and maintain that same attention. The satirist also overemphasizes his point by making a mockery of the situation and expanding on it in a caricaturesque fashion and establishing the ludicrousity of the character involved in the action.A part of satire is sarcasm, which is stinging and caustic. It hurts to read or see sarcasm when you are the object of criticism because it is basically making fun of and attacking you in a bright and witty way. I love the satiric articles on theonion.comBecause it is in the form of "make believe"... in the form of hypothetical situations and in satire to boot
Amendment XV (the Fifteenth Amendment) of the United States Constitution grants voting rights regardless of race.. . The amendment is one of the post-Civil War, Reconstruction amendments. It was ratified on February 3, 1870.. . This amendment prohibits the states or the federal government from using a citizen's race, color, or previous status as a slave as a voting qualification. Its basic purpose was to enfranchise former slaves. But it was not really until the Voting Rights Act in 1965, almost a century later, that this purpose was actually achieved in all states.. . The first person to vote under the provisions of the amendment was Thomas Mundy Peterson.. . After the passage of the Thirteenth Amendment, which barred slavery, and the Fourteenth Amendment, which guaranteed former slaves citizenship, there were still fears by the Radical Republicans that sympathizers to the Confederate cause would attempt to achieve through suppression of the black vote what they could not obtain by war. No southern state had ever had a black elected official, and most southern states even prohibited the vote to freed slaves and free-born blacks. Blacks were known to be sympathetic to the Republicans thanks to their clear anti-slavery policies, and the efforts of the Republicans with Reconstruction after the American Civil War. As to the fear that southern legislatures would restrict the vote to whites as they did before the Civil War, the amendment was clearly justified and, in retrospect, the fears of the Radicals were well founded. They also saw a political opportunity to break the hold of the Democratic Party over the deep south.. . After the passage of the Fifteenth Amendment, southern blacks voted in numbers that on a per capita basis would probably exceed black political participation today. On both a per capita and absolute basis, more blacks were elected to political office during the period from 1865 to 1880 than at any other time in American history. Although no state elected a black governor during Reconstruction, a number of state legislatures were effectively under the control of a substantial African American caucus. These legislatures brought in programs that are considered part of government's duty now, but at the time were radical, such as universal public education. They also set aside all racially biased laws, even those prohibiting interracial marriage.. . Despite the efforts of groups like the Ku Klux Klan to intimidate black voters and white Republicans, assurance of federal support for democratically elected southern governments meant that most Republican voters could both vote and rule in confidence. For example, when an all-white mob attempted to take over the interracial government of New Orleans, President Ulysses S. Grant sent in federal troops to restore the elected mayor.. . However, after the close election of Rutherford B. Hayes, Hayes, in order to mollify the South, agreed to withdraw federal troops. He also overlooked poll violence in the deep south, despite several attempts by the Republicans to pass laws assuring the rights of black voters and to punish intimidation. To show the unwillingness of Congress to take any action at this time, even a bill that would have required incidents of violence only at polling places to be publicized failed to be passed. Without the restrictions, voting place violence against blacks and Republicans increased, including instances of murder. Most of this was done without any interference by law enforcement, and often even with their co-operation.. . By the 1890s, many southern states had rigorous voter qualification laws, including literacy tests and poll taxes. Some states even made it difficult to find a place to register to vote. Most of these laws were race neutral, but clearly discriminated against black voters, either through their construction or their administration. For example, most states required literacy tests, but voters were exempt if they could prove tthroughout history women and blacks were considered under males and whites...so black women were all the way at the bottom of the list...they had to wait first for blacks to get rights....then after that they also had to wait for women to get rights...pretty crappy...It took black women longer to get teh right to vote because blacks on the whole were considered to be second class citizens until the civil rights protests finally got around to accomplishing their goals.  Do a little research on civil rights for information, try Wikipedia,comAll women received the right to vote in 1920 through the 19th amendmentI think when Martin Luther King Jr. gave that speech. So did Rosa Parks . ~_~!Technically, black women received the right to vote with passage of the Nineteenth Amendment in 1920 (along with all other women).  The right to vote without regard to race came with the Fifteenth Amendment in 1870.Didn't they get to vote when the rest of the women did?I think that they got the vote in 1920 when the rest of women did, which was 2 years behind British women btw.
Thats a very wierd question. Turn the question around and it may be more interesting and make more sense. Tell this to your school teacher if this is what it is for.Depends on whether the toilets all ways available.Well, we DID make her(I certainly HOPE that she did not just crawl out of the ocean)... So, as humans, we have every right to destroy or care for her. Polution corrodes her, but it looks like Mother Nature will be what destroys her, not us. The salt from the ocean corroads our copper lady extremely fast, and durring the restorantion that happened 20 years ago several parts of her were patched or replaced.... See what I mean?well since it has been restored. I guess its minimal. But its probably the foot traffic inside her that does the most damage.symbol of liberty!
I think the Punic wars showed Rome's vulnerability.  Hannibal was able to invade Italy, something no one else was able to do.  Though the wars started over "ego", and Rome was the winner, the world knew that once you crossed over Roman territory, there was hordes of centurions waiting for you.  Rome could be invaded.Thaks to the Punic wars, Rome conquered Carthage and its holdings. The Punic Wars also demonstrated the military might of Rome.
The lifespan of butterflies varies greatly according to species, with Colorado hairstreak butterflies living just a few days and Monarch butterflies living up to a year. Most, however, live only for two to three weeks.15 to 3020 to 40 days2 weeksabout 1 week
It is not just love. Bottle up any emotion long enough and it will make you sick in other ways. Hatred and jealousy are the worst.I wonder  why you think that. Unless the person you love is married. Love is the most beautiful experience a human bein could have. You feel complete when you are in love. Why it has to be a secret?????Love is frustrated until it's expressed.Because love is meant to be shared.  It is useless kept secret.why should it be a secret? spread love dont hide it.On the whole that is the experience that you need to go through and learn some facets of it: apathy to love. Keep up with the good work. Next!If you keep anger bottled up it will make you sick as well...or regret...or jealousy... or disgust. It's unhealthy to keep anything bottled up, good or badlove is a mutual thing coming from really knowing the ;other person.. hence can't be a secret.. . . that sounds more like infactuation...Love is about more than one person; if it's bottled inside you, it's an obsession, and unhealthy for you.  If the love is to be real, it must be shared; if it is a delusion, you've got to abandon the delusion.you are afraid of non-accepance, may be. otherwise don't care for the results, just go ahead and do it.LOve need not be a secret.
Well perhaps your unconcious mind finds that instanteneus death upon hitting the ground contradicts your actual experience when concious thus your dream self doesn't die when hitting the ground as well.. . As for who started this idea, well most people accept that they die if the fall from a high place and hit a hard surface, so their unconcious mind has no problem accepting this concept when he is dreaming.dream is a dream is a dream is a........ . got it?well i believe that the reason people believe this is that most people wake up before hitting the ground as a reflex and therefore someone decided that if they would not have woken up then they would have died in their dream and in reality, it is very much nonsense to believe that but it must have started because of that, perhaps the reason you keep dreaming after hitting the ground is because you have experienced it in real life and your subconcious no longer believes that impact will kill you so there is no instintive reflex, another thing to note is that the only time you will remember a dream is if you wake up in the dream stage of sleep, AKA the REM stage, this stage makes the brain highly active and is probably one of the most remembered dreams cause most people will wake up during the dream as a reflex, therefore more people are likely to have this dreamIt could signify that you are a survivor. It means that whenever you fall, you have the ability to rise back up. You don't just fall down and die, you get back up and live again, fight back and move on.. And you falling 25 feet in reality and living to tell about it is a miracle and you apparently have great luck, don't run out of it. May be your luck extends to your dreams as well ;). . I dunno where the idea of hitting the ground in the dream would kill someone came from.May be they want to know what really lies behind death.its just a repetition of what you thought would happen. but did not. its hard to believe that one falls 25 feet and does not die. it seems that this is an unbelievable obsession which is re-occurring in your dreams.because you didnot fallwell, its reality and not the movie The MatrixIt's just a dream. Not reality.the matrix.Maybe your dream came from the 25feet falling incident and cant get opver it
First thing you need to do is get a life.  Things will fall into place after that.The first step is to start mingling with the opposite sex. Start with casual conversation, and progress from there. If you are shy, do what it takes to overcome it. You won't get anywhere if you don't try.first stop dating men and camelsstart hanging out with firneds if you havent already. She will notice how popular you are. i have heard girls look at you when in a group if they like you. Then start flirting. Causually give her a preasant, like i found it outside. Then ask her out.look i am a girl.....ok.....and what i have to say is the only thing you need to do is be yourself......do you no why.......maybe not but i am going to tell you why you need to be yourself....if you don't be yourself and you go out with a girl and she finds out that you are not being yourself she is going to be pissed of at you.......so before you even go out with a girl.......get ready to show her who you are only......not a fake....iight.......if you want a girl like i said be yourself and they will fall in love with you and ya will be a couple......i hope this helped you some....i wish you all of luck........and trust me on this one ....remember i am a girl i know these things.......don't forget be youself.....iight...... SINCERELY SHY GIRL...Get off this web-site and start going out...being on the computor you will never find one...so turn off the computor and go out...It depends on ur location.In asia,nearly everyone is a virgin before marriage,not even touching the person of oppsite sex until marriage.In that case,it is a bit difficult.But it's not a big deal,so don't worry urself too much.Haha... setup a myspace account.  Should be cake from thereget off your couch and find one.  you wont find one on the computerI THINK U R SO FOOLISH BECAUSE U MUSNT GET GIRL FREIND THEY MUST GET UTry washing your camel.Why not wait patiently for one to come? What made you think a girl was waiting for your screw? :)By going up to one that you like, starting a conversation with her and if she likes you, you will continue to talk to her and be friends. Then you tell her that you like her, and see what she says. If she says "i like you" then ask her to be your girlfriend. If she says 'yes'...you sir, have a girlfriend!. mohamed shahat's gotta girlfriend! . mohamed shahat's gotta girlfriend! . mohamed shahat's gotta girlfriend! . mohamed shahat's gotta girlfriend! . . I see you and your camel blushing.I am sure you will be liking a girl.Try to be close to her. TIP:Just try to be friendly and notice & compliment her.She get to like you.Best of luck.You should start going out and hang with friendsbe the same as everybody else, only slightly better.showing vechiles,gooddresses grils are attracted to youI dont know but maybe chating with her (sombody) will be a good idea.Put ur photo up on da "i desperatly need date" website or newspaper!!..u'll b surprised 2 see who needs a BF!Go 4 It!
do your own homework.  I'll bet the answers are in the book.The negative effect of Mangols was that they wasted many books which can count much in today's world.. The positive effect was just that they added another reign in the history.they started the mongoloid evolution.cutural exchanges & the bubonic plague( from the fleas carried by the horses)They had a very strong army, using calvary and scare tactics to their advantage.  Unfortunately, they were not very good at running a large, civilized, country or territory.  They lacked organization.
Warped.I have a dry sense of humor that is frequently misinterpreted.. . I can be sarcastically humorous too.. . I know because I ask my 'audience/victims' and they told me over a course of years.number 1 Dry. number 2 Witty. number 3 sarcastic. number 4.Off-the Cuff. . I have the sarcastic one . but it has no use in Taiwan. these ppl take you as serious and then they are all confused. so I do not use any humor at the moment. not with Taiwanese anywaysI know of three: (1) Dry- The listener(s) have to listen to find the humor. (2) Witty-The joker can turn almost anything into a joke that gets a laugh. (3) Off-the Cuff-This is so close to the definition of #2, you could put them "In the same boat" and they would float. Judging by my definitions, what do YOU believe you have?
we are ALL born with intuition.There is no mystery. Some people are simply better at picking up cues from their surroundings and from other people.u mean why intuition remains a mistery? well, i dont know. maybe there is no good explanation about that. there is nothing more mysterious than inner force or intuition.Do you mean "What is the mystery of intuition?". . We know that geniuses have their greatest thoughts when relaxed. Then the brain slows down its waves from may be 44 hertz to 8 hertz, going into what is called the Alpha State. This is scientifically measured!. . In this state intuition is accessd and all knowledge can be gained.. . Why would the brain slow down, when greatest knowledge is gained?. . Because the mind, thought to reside in the brain (accurately in the youngest part of the brain, the cerebrum), is not the genius in us! The mind does not know much, but the intuition, connected with the older parts of the brain and with all cells of the body, can acess all knowldge of all times.. . From Apha we can go further into the Theta and Delta States, where the brain waves are even slower. Normally, we then are asleep during these states, but we can learn to stay awake that is, to keep the mind alert and watching without interfering. The mind worries, the intuition relaxes.. . Below the Delta State is a state with no brain waves at all, without that the person is dead. I have watched a man in this state, he was absolutely still and motionless for may be half an hour, kneeling with arms stretched out with no trembling, as if petrified. He had a delightful time in this state!. . When our mind (cerebrum) is not the greatest intelligence, why is the mind trained in schools? Do we unlearn in school to easily access knowledge? Would it not make sense to teach how to use our all-knowing intuition? The intuition is used in so-called Super Learning Techniques, with great results.. . Everyone can be their own genius! The intuition, starting to be more active in Alpha, is the key. This is the mystery. . . We have what it takes to get there, we only have to remember!. Cordially, India.Magicayour question makes no sense, please re-word it so we will know what you are asking.
severe mental disorder characterized by some, but not necessarily all, of the following features: emotional blunting, intellectual deterioration, social isolation, disorganized speech and behavior, delusions, and hallucinations.leave us alone.a person who worries about everything all the time, thinks people are always out to get them. very derpessed person and sucidial ,dont ask me me or me! how should i i and i know?delusionsYou talk like president Bush when you have schizo.Multiple personality, when a previously hidden personality,that a person has repressed, comes to the for front, will no longer be subdued. Because the person has lost the ability to subdue the tendencies and actions the other personality wishes to express.The person begins acting out in ways totally out of sync with her conscious self.i don't know......i know......i don't know........i know...A mental illness in which the person suffers from distorted thinking, hallucinations, and a reduced ability to feel normal emotions.. . . one of the most complex of all mental health disorders; involves a severe, chronic, and disabling disturbance of the brain. . . A mental disorder lasting for at least 6 months, including at least 1 month with two or more active-phase symptoms. Active-phase symptoms include delusions, hallucinations, disorganized speech, and grossly disorganized or catatonic behavior. Schizophrenia is accompanied by marked impairment in social or occupational functioning.. . . A group of severe mental disorders characterized by disturbances of language and communication; thought disturbances that may involve distortion of reality, misperceptions, delusions and hallucinations; mood changes and withdrawn, regressive, or bizarre behavior, lasting longer than six months.. . A psychotic disorder characterized in the active phase by hallucinations, delusions, disorganized thoughts/speech, disorganized or catatonic behavior, and apathy.. . . .....There's a lot more too...Schizophrenia is a chronic, severe, and disabling mental disorder often developing in men, usually in the late teens or early twenties, and women typically in their twenties and early thirties. People with schizophrenia often experience hallucinations (usually hearing voices not heard by others) or delusions (believing that other people are reading their minds, controlling their thoughts, or plotting to harm them). . . Persons with schizophrenia usually have disturbed interpersonal relationships.  They are often fearful and withdrawn, with disorganized speech and behavior.  Treatment almost always includes medications.  Newer medications are more effective than older ones and have fewer side effects.1. Delusions: These are beliefs that are not true, such as feeling people are following or trying to hurt them, believing other people can read their minds, or beliefs that they have special powers or abilities. . 2. Hallucinations: This usually takes the form of hearing voices that are not there, but people with schizophrenia may also see, smell, taste, and feel things that are not there. . 3. Bizarre behavior: This can be expressed in many different ways. In short, the individual behaves in ways that seem inappropriate or strange to other people. . 4. Disorganized speech: The individual speaks in ways that are hard to understand. For instance, sentences might not make sense, or topic of conversation changes with little or no connection between sentences. Sometimes speech is completely incomprehensible. . 5. "Negative symptoms": This includes lack of motivation or interest, diminished cognitive functioning, and decreased emotional expression. Individuals may lose interest in attending to their own personal hygiene, have little interest in interacting with others, and rarely seem to feel or express strong emotions.# Any of a group of psychotic disorders usually characterized by withdrawal from reality, illogical patterns of thinking, delusions, and hallucinations, and accompanied in varying degrees by other emotional, behavioral, or intellectual disturbances. Schizophrenia is associated with dopamine imbalances in the brain and defects of the frontal lobe and is caused by genetic, other biological, and psychosocial factors.Schizophrenia is a psychiatric diagnosis that describes a mental disorder characterized by impairments in the perception or expression of reality and by significant social or occupational dysfunction. A person experiencing untreated schizophrenia is typically characterized as demonstrating disorganized thinking, and as experiencing delusions or auditory hallucinations.. . Although the disorder is primarily thought to affect cognition, it can also contribute to chronic problems with behavior and emotion. Due to the many possible combinations of symptoms, heated debate is ongoing about whether the diagnosis necessarily or adequately describes a disorder, or alternatively whether it might represent a number of disorders. For this reason, Eugen Bleuler deliberately called the disease "the schizophrenias" plural, when he coined the present name.. . Diagnosis is based on the self-reported experiences of the patient, in combination with secondary signs observed by a psychiatrist, clinical psychologist or other competent clinician. No objective biological test for schizophrenia exists, though studies suggest that genetics, neurobiology and social environment are important contributing factors. Current research into the development of the disorder often focuses on the role of neurobiology, although a reliable and identifiable organic cause has not been found. In the absence of objective laboratory tests to confirm the diagnosis, some question the legitimacy of schizophrenia's status as a disease. Furthermore, some question the status of schizophrenia as a disease on the basis that they do not consider the condition to be an impairment.. . The term schizophrenia translates roughly as "shattered mind," and comes from the Greek ????? (schizo, "to split" or "to divide") and ???? (phr?n, "mind"). Despite its etymology, schizophrenia is not synonymous with dissociative identity disorder, also known as multiple personality disorder or "split personality"; in popular culture the two are often confused. Although schizophrenia often leads to social or occupational dysfunction, a predisposition toward aggressive behavior is little associated with the illness.Schizophrenia is a chronic, severe, and disabling brain disorder that affects about 1 percent of people all over the world.. . Symptoms can include hallucinations, delusions, disordered thinking, movement disorders, flat affect, social withdrawal, and cognitive deficits.
China has far less population than one third of the world.. China has about 1.4 billion, the world over 6 billion, that's around one fifth.I don't think the bulk of the population in china eat especially well, at least not in a way anyone else should aspire to.Selling cheap DVD players to Americanslots of rice! the population is huge and feeding the population is hard, so many families grow some of their own food, but the govt also has control over vast areas of farmland, though much is dedicated to families and the remainder to the rest of the people who live in cities.They don't waste any food and are hard-working people.I think that we westerners need to take a look at how China with such a large population can feed itself.  We here in the USA and other parts have problems with a much smaller population.
I have to agree that motivation is more significant than intelligence.  Over the years, Knowledge has availed me nothing, Knowledge without motivation is not really living life to the fullest.  Just my opinion!Without intelligence, motivation is not necessarily useful at all.  A person can be strongly motivated to do . . . whatever.  I could have an extreme motivation to make certain that there is nobody running around out in public without a band-aid in case they get an abrasion.  If I were motivated enough, I may rent a truck, fill it with a whole bunch of band-aids, thousands!  I could then go everywhere all day, every day looking for people to make sure that they are carrying a band-aid.  I would waste alot of time, money, etc . . . but I could still carry out such a task because I was very motivated.  This would not be very inteligent for me to do.  (Just an example, band-aids are ok, you get the point.)   Also, what motivates a person may not always be a good thing, or a thing in their best interest.  Many times, crime takes place because of extreme motivation.  Every day, drug addicts are motivated to rob some one for drug money.  Murderers are motivated as well to do the things that they carry out by what ever it is that is driving them at that time, such as money, etc . . .   Intelligence is the key factor in determining what it is that you are motivated to do.  A more intelligent person is going to be motivated by different things, such as:  family values, a good education, college graduation, advancing in their line of work, changing their line of work,  morals, love, general long-term future planning, etc . . .  Just going out there and deciding to be motivated without considering the reason is not intelligent.  Motivation is required to do well when you have thought out intelligently before hand what you are going to be motivated to do.I know how to kill and am motivated to do it...  My intelligence reminds me of the consequences of my actions...Well, I think intelligence is very significant and useful, but without motivation then you've got nothing. I see tons of people who are doing a lot of stupid stuff in school, they have no motivation to learn or acknowledge the fact that they are intelligent and capable. So in ways, motivation is more significant and useful.Do you watch HOUSE? He said that one just has to WORK SMART instead of working hard.Intelligence directs us towards doing right thing and long lasting. Motivation, though required, is short and could lead us to a wrong path.i've seen allot of motovated stupid peopleIt's not. What's really significant and useful is intelligence coupled with motivation. Then you can get things done in a meaningful way.Intelligence is the capacity to understand things, and motivation is the desire to do things.. . Being highly intelligent but unmotivated, is useless.  Being less intelligent but highly motivated, is BRILLIANT.. . Intelligence is useless without the motivation to use it.  Useful intelligence NEEDS motivation, however motivation does not need intelligence to be useful.. . People who suffer from Downs Syndrome or similar conditions who are highly motivated can still get jobs and do useful and helpful things.  People of high intelligence but choose to do nothing, simply take up space.Who said it is. In my opinion and in those of many employers motivation is way more significant! Anything that someone knows can be found somewhere, for instance a book or the internet, so what good is a human reference book if they don't care about life or their job.
They say "in every life, a little rain must fall"...but life can feel more like a deluge.  I think life gives us challenges and trials to make us appreciate the good stuff more.  Either way life is difficult at best...make the most of it however you can.whether life is hard it only relative to each individual, yes life can Throw things at us that make it hard, but our response to those issues often make things harder for our selvesIt is that way so that you can learn. If life were easy you probably wouldn't learn as much and would be bored. When things go wrong you usually push harder to find the answer to your problems. I don't know that it would be that way if life were easy, you might not even have deep intellectual thoughts. Your problems and experience can help others.It's as hard or easy as you make it..life is hard..and this is how it should be...we don't want it but we can do nothing....we can just expect for better things to come in the future...becoz u are always thinking of TOTO....One of the most difficult lessons in life to learn is that we are in the position, good or bad, that we are currently in due to decisions made ,perhaps, several years ago.. For instance a single Mother with three kids that is struggling is in that position because of decisions that were made in the past.. She got pregnant and perhaps was unable or unwilling to finish school.. Just a thought.Life is hard only when problems and scenarios stress you out.  Once you figure out how to eliminate stress, problems demand from you not stress, but solutions, and scenarios become less epic and worrisome.  And that takes maturity and patience.It's only going to get harder as you get older.
well work today as u going to die tomorrow. and u will change ur life to the best1. Show a keen interest in the problmes and solutions of life.. 2. study the behavior of people.. 3. Learn to accept the truth behind the real life incidents.. 4. Study the real life occurances(e.g. follow news, views etc) along with theoritical books.. 5. Get yrself engaged with some kind of social welfare project.. 6. Love humanity.. 7. Etc. etc. etc.......Being practical isn't really practical.  You have to be really cold-hearted and clear-minded about your intentions.  You have to be really tough.. . Also, I would recommend being professional, not practical.  Same thing, but professional plays at a higher level.. . And keep strong.  You'll be tested many times.. . The focus is to look for the greater good.  If you're ever faced with the problem of having to kill a child to end world hunger, would you do it?  A practical person could.. . But overall: use the fire-in-the-building strategy.. . If you need to talk to a group of individuals, you may feel overwhelmed and unsure, nervous and worried.. . But if there is a fire in the building, you don't hesitate one second.  You don't care what people think.  It's a message that you MUST share.. . Cheers.. . Good luck.The best way to be more practical is to simply surround yourself with practical people. They have a calming nature to them. Depending on your personality type you might even feel affection or love around them despite them being so-called 'coldhearted and logical.' . . They can also teach you and motivate to have a thicker skin like they do, which certainly comes in handy!
The embracement of Ignorance, and thus its conscious practice,. leads to an almost given fact of social injustice and inequality.. . Conscious thought, understanding, and growth is required for equality; ideal but rarely achieved.black < Indian. Indian < white. . it is not my point of view. it's the real world, i can't do something. . the little rabbitWe have a National Health Service into which some of have paid a great deal of money during our working life. Un-surprisingly, we expect to receive some of the services we have paid for, like dental treatment. Yet how many of us are able to find an N.H.S. dentist? Most of us have to find a private dentist and pay (again )for treatment. This is social inequality, if we can afford it o.k. it just means that we shall have less money to spend on the things we would liked to have spent it on. But what if people can not afford it? This is social inequality. It is not always a question of poverty and riches, there is social inequality in abundance in this group in between the two.The divide between living in poverty and living it large.innocent people getting the death sentenceSocially they're not equal.  Daft Q, hence daft A.Rich people getting richer by employing poor people on low wages to make money from other poor people.  QED (Quod Erat Demonstratum).Go to waitrose and then to asda'sCan be seen in education, work, economy - personal, state, countries, race, religion, class, gender, etc. I guess anything that can be compared to a different level in society and any kind of oppression is seen against one ie; wage gap between men and women, catholics and protestants in Northern Ireland particulary in '60's, class stratification system, private health coverage versus state and so onI question the premise of your question, and its assumption that humans are mere economic units that can be quantitatively ranked by net worth,  earning power, or financial standard of living.  If life has quality, then it can't be ranked.  It's sad how quickly most people answering your inquiry are accepting the notion that the quality of being human is defined as one's net worth.    Once you properly discredit the idea of "ranking" humans, then the robustness of the human experience can begin to be appreciated.   Truth is, most royalty feels trapped, some of the world's 'poorest' are the happiest, and almost every religious leader in history bore the message of the transcendent experience of being utterly powerless and forsaken.water seeks it's own level. there are no social inequalities. everyone gets his just reward. sit in your ass and complain or get off of it and earn your share. there's plenty for everyone. there are no shortages of any real commodities only shortages of ambition and perseverence. perceived inequalities are what underacheivers invent to accomodate their own failures. most social scientists could never make it in private enterprise so they create straw men upon which to blame their personal dilemas.Judgement of the self inflicted on the external due to lack of personal responsibility ( loving self) resulting in a controlled emotion called fear.I'm a convicted felon with a BS degree in Social Science, and no where to go. Now that I'm a Felon, and with this new label that has been laid upon me, I fight everyday to survive mentally and emotionally. I did the crime and did my time, but you see or don't see that this changes my life in every way. And in turn I have to depend on others to help me and even the State that I was sentenced in. It's a viscous circle. I have opinions like everyone else. As the old Beatles song.... sentence said forever....I heard the Judge say three years and not a life time of punishment. Where does it end? So, I would say I have a lot to say about social inequalities, but not enough time and I've found, who really wants to listen...disable people. for example me. I have no job because of non application of disable laws in TurkeyBiased. The have and have nots. The do's  and dont's
Well, what he could do could be limited by the jurisdiction he lived in.  For instance, if he lived in Iran, he could have his nuts chopped off in public for doing it.  In North Korea, he could be strung up and shot for doing what he could do.yes I agree.
Be direct ask her directly what the score is and stop pfaffing about.She was uncomfortable with the confrontational way this matter was handled and now doesn't know how to handle the ramifications of it.  Give her some time to get over this and move slowly.
Take a public speaking or drama class.Just do it, you get a little less wrong each time....a little bit more refined each time... even if it takes forever...  once in a while, you will read a book, but don't let real test of face-to-face communication faze you!. . so how do you do? ...;)Trial and error is my method.... at least since I learnt that consequence was unimportant.. . Its not exactly easy for me since I'm Aspergian... I used to try to watch people interacting and observe common behaviour patterns, then try to emulate them.... but I never got the full story, always got it wrong... and it just confused me.. . These days instead I just say and do whatever the sweet heck I feel like, and take mental note to change it if I witness people being visibly offended who I don't want to be (or remember to repeat it if I WANT them to be offended).by conversing with friends frequently without a fear.. they point out many short comings .don't get panicky .it is for our good onlyHANG WITH ARTICULATE PEOPLE.You do not have to talk about the class, that could be boring. Talk about anything you like, the weather, current events, news, homework, the teacher, cloths, music, tv shows. People like to talk about their pets. Just let it flow natural. Sometimes in some situations you just can't get a conversation going. I just naturally act silly however not annoying and hope they are laughing with me and not at me. If they are laughing at me I don't care, I will just laugh at them too.keep communicating
Lead with your strengths in Character and work on improving your shortfalls. Don't do this for others. Do it for yourself by being your own best role model.just follow what God tells you to do and don't care about what people think of you ...think about what God going to think of youremind yourself of your good qualities and try to appreciate what you have. if your happy with yourself,  you'll reflect confidence and people respect that.
Return with aggressive-aggressive behavior.  It will scare the heck out of the passive-aggressive person and teach them not to play head games with you anymore.Act as if they dont bother you. Learn how to deal with them though.Get some self esteem and play the game back....remember pay back is a biitch and it comes back in 10 fold.  *shrug* that's how I deal with those type of ppl.Avoid those people, if you can.  If someone ignores me, why should I waste my time and energy trying to talk to them?  If they are playing mind games with you, refuse to play along.  Or you could pretend to play along but then just stop and leave the passive aggressive people hanging.the people who do this tend to be girls. boys have a more direct approach to dealing with people. if you don't let it bother oyuso much, people will probably stop doing it- they only do what works after all!Try dealing with a mate that is passive-aggressive ! Wow, VERY frustrating at times. I just ignore him.
Women are more feeling creatures, so when they do not have a way to express their despair to anyone, the only thing they can control is self-injuring. Most statistics show that almost all of the women or girls that do it are above average intelligence and most people think of them as high achievers who achieve great things.. There is a book called A Bright Red Scream by Marilee Strong,  it will give you case studies.. Men are action oriented for the most part, they relieve their stress in physical ways, sports, etc........... The book will give you all the information you could ever want.. God BlessI hate to say it.... I really do.... I'm a guy, you know.... . Guys are constantly in self-denial.It is pretty simple- females are more emotional than males, which makes us hate ourselves more. Not to mention the stereotype we are supposed to live up to- you know being a size 2 and looking like Barbie, only with bigger breasts.Because we are more sensitive in feelings and emotions. and we take more abuse because we always have hopes it will stop. because of love .Girls are simply more in touch with their emotions.. It's like how most boys don't like crying.. Same goes for self-injury. They don't wanna show their emotions.. . Another interesting thing that just popped into my head, is that maybe it has to do with the abuse. Maybe females experience more abuse then males, liiiike sexual abuse. Girls tend to get raped more, and such.Suicide rates don't actually seem to agree with your hypothesis.. . If you're referring to self-harm, this is usually a manifestation of helplessness, and is generally an attention-seeking behaviour. Men tend to express helplessness in other ways.
For new books all the time price. If you are talking about new area there might be new studies cited, but most of the time very little changes especially something on 12th ed., so check the Forward sometimes good author's will give reasons for new edition, and see which one meets your needs best.The difference they just update the newer edition with the latest studies... or just to attract customer, maybe?
cause the government spends more than it brings in with taxes.. . currently we are borrowing 2 million per week from China to fund the war in just Iraq.  You do the math.Because we are spending almost 2 billion per WEEK on the war in Iraq. Because this government refuses to tax the rich and only the middle class has the burden of supporting everything. We owe the Chinese trillions. Our kids and grandkids will pay dearly for George Bush's mistakes.. . http://www.cutepiggy.com/george_w_bush.html$8trillion is the result of the S&L scam by the bush family during the reagan years.. . The rest is from diverting 75% of your tax dollar to profiteers. Get rid of those two items and we wouldn't have the $26trillion that OMB quotes (does not agree at all with whitehouse figures which  use creative bookkeeping, kind of goes with "alternative interrogation" dontcha think?).Because it spends more than it takes in. The US can only raise a certain amount of money through taxation, then it has to borrow money from other countries, or owe money to suppliers. Some of their expenses have been HUGE -- space missions, for example, and anytime a war is involved, the costs skyrocket. So they end up owing money and this results in a deficit in the economy. . It's just the same as if you ran up debts and couldn't pay them, you would have a deficit in your budget. Only the US does it on a larger scale.Because we loan money out to other nations who, conveniently, can't pay us back. Oh, and that little thing in Iraq.The deficit has existed for nearly a half century, so it's not the War in Iraq.  Clinton's smoke and mirrors "balanced budget" only existed briefly when the Social Security $ were added, even though they are a separate category.. . Social spending and the "entitlement" mentality of the society along with politicians who are too happy to keep spending other's money.. . Medicare, welfare, subsidies, illegal immigration, etc. are the bulk of the wasted $, not Military spending as so many liberals would have you believe.  I have compassion and wish every tax paying citizen in America could live in a Mansion, live to be a healthy 150, and drive their dream car, but the reality is that we have to draw the line somewhere.. . Here's a little challenge for those who are brave enough: run a search on the "balanced budget amendment" and find out who keeps voting it down.  Hint: it's not the Republicans.. . "Line item veto" was another great example of liberals using the courts to over turn the will of the people, Congress, and the (very reluctant) President who signed it.. . Two questions to ask those who love to complain:. . 1. Did you vote in the last election?. 2. Did you vote for someone other than the incumbent?. . Keep voting in the same people and guess what?. . BTW, the top 50 % income bracket of tax payers are paying OVER 96 % of the tax bill.  The top 1 % are paying 34.27 %.  Both the actual dollar amount and percent of tax revenue paid on the highest earners has INCREASED under GWB, so it's time to grow up and stop believing all the LIBERAL lies about tax cuts for the rich.. . It's like two of us both buying the same Coke at a ball game.  Because of my income, I get charged $10 and the lower income guy next to me gets charged $1.  I pay with a $100 bill, he pays with a $5 bill, and then complains when the change is handed back that it's unfair because I got a huge refund.TO MANY PEOPLE ON WELFARE!!!cause we not like your country!
There are three things you should never do.   Never play card with a man named after a city or state, never eat in a restaraunt named Mom's and never EVER trust anything a politician says...Judge a society by its prisons.The framers of the US Constitution knew that government by nature is not trustworthy.  That is why they designed such an inefficient system.  Don't trust them, use your vote to stir the proverbial beans.The government is completely untrustworthy. Nothing told to us by the government or any government representative should be taken at face value. To be safe, always assume a lie until proven otherwise. You'll be right more often than wrong that way.As trustworthy as your neighbor
The main cause of poverty is greed.  Some people have to have so much that it does not leave a reasonable life for everyone else.  The major effects of poverty are hatred and increased crime.  Hopelessness passed from generation to generation results in senseless acts of violence, spouse and child abuse, drug abuse and driveby shooting.There are a few causes of poverty in america. and judging from some of the people's answers, there are difinitley some things that are not causes. laziness is not a cause of poverty. paris hilton and kevin federline are total leeches- but they are still rich.. drug abuse is not a cause of poverty.. capitalist greed, dishonesty, and corruption are  causes of poverty- look at the effects of ford motors in flint,michigan, and enron, worldcom, TWA. . Both racial, and gender equality are causes of discrimination and unqual pay- sources of poverty.. Unequal/inferior education is a cause of poverty.somebody cuts them off. somebody hates their race. somebody knows no rich employers. bosses are italian. take your pickCause = laziness. Effect = welfare and total drain on societyCause- not working, drug alchol abuse, mental illness. Effect- no material anythingthere is not enough capacity on this thing to answer them all but here goes:. . Cause:  you lost your job. Effect:  you stand on the street corner and talk to yourself. . Cause:  you put your life savings in Enron stock. Effect:  you kill yourself. . Cause:  you were born in a 3rd world country. Effect:  infant mortality of 30%. . Cause:  You have a gambling problem. Effect:  Your kneecaps get brokenIn this day and age in the US there really is no excuse for poverty.  There are so many opportunities to work and get paid a decent salary.  People are not motivated because of food stamps, social security, etc. Get rid of the welfare state.Causes: Stupid decisions(made by the person in question or their parents), unplanned pregnancies, alcohol, drugs, and careless spending.. . Effects: More people on the streets, more crimes commited in general, more people trying to help them (such as charities), drainage on social structure because of more money going into these charities and for police, etc., and overcrowding in shelters.Lack of education for a good paying job, high housing costs, lack of transportation, manufacturing going overseas. Effect is no middle class peoples, just a widening divide between the rich and the poor.
cocaineThe 70's weren't liberal, the 60's were. The last move toward liberalization was in 1971 with Roe vs Wade. the rest of the decade was a retreat from the changes of the 60's that finally lead to the election of Reagan in 1980.Liberalism is about bringing the largest amount of freedom to the largest group of people possible.  Conservatism is about minimizing the impact of government (in its idealized form).  The '70s were liberal because the children and young adults of the '60s became the adults of the '70s and carried forward the liberalism of the 60's.In the 70's the economy tanked, when the economy is bust then the liberals are happy because that is when they have their biggest audience.
Just how well do you know your husband????  Do you trust him completely??????? This question hit a nerve.  See if this sounds familiar... I was in a good mood all day. I got the work done at home that I planned to, I have supper ready and WHAM...In walks the husband , and practically the first words out of his mouth are critical. I begin to feel smaller and smaller as the evening wears on and he keeps picking and picking until I retaliate and leave the room.. He follows 5 minutes later and says what's the matter, Honey.  Why are you so grumpy? INFURIATION TAKES OVER!!!!I was fine till you got home!! Well , anything ringing true ????? I suggest you sit down and talk this over seriously.  Tell him exactly how you feel, everything.  If things don't improve within one month tell him you and he need to get couselling.  No this is not normal behavior for him to treat you this way, believe me I KNOW!  Ask him WHY?  ASK HIM WHY HE DOESN'T WANT YOU TO BE HAPPY?   GET HELP!It sounds like he has a lot of anger in him and is using you to get that bad energy off.  It's important I believe to maintain who you are and refuse to participate as his therapist or dumping ground, but not arguing back regardless of provocation.. . If he continues to be abusive, marriage counseling might be called for before it gets worse.If you ever stop giving him the reactions he is looking for, he will think you don't love him any more, but this is still what you need to do.  But when he says this, just stick around and be there.  I'm 37 (male) and this is starting to work (after a year) on my wife (42)..  He may have been put down constantly as a child.  I had a father who criticized everything I did.  Later in life, I did that to my wife and kids.  Once a person is aware of that tendency, it is possible to cut yourself off before you really get into it.  The behavior might also be part of a depressive behavior pattern, which might need medication to bring it under control.He thinks you're hot when you're mad. thats why
check out this site.  it has all the info you needIt's a stimulant... that's what they do.its not only keeps u up...it makes ur heart race...
Because it is far to easy to blame someone else for lifes problems, instead of taking responsabilty.Some people thrive on hate because deep down inside, they hate themself.. . Take her with a grain of salt and know there are very positive people here too!  : )They are losers and have nothing better to do with their lives.  Just feel sorry for her... she sounds really pathetic.ya i have this one girl who is totally obsessed with hating on me. ok i went out wid her ex and now they got back togeher but she still talks crap about me. i think she lives day to day just to make my life miserable. but the funny thing is that u dont care ne more. the more they talk about me the more they are makin me the center of their attention 24/7. just let it go and they will to eventually. never show their ur weakness cuz thats they way they win. just tell urself over and over ur better then them..and SCREW EM!she's probably jealous of you for some reason or another...and you posting questions like this is fueling her fire.  Forget about her and move on.  If you get a message or anything from her, don't even waste your time reading it.Because they have no love in them.. . She probably sees you as some sort of competition.. . Maybe your avatar has been secretly meeting your avatar.the people you refer to are in the main maladjusted
The advantage is that we have nothing to lose. A rich person can lose their good things and miss them terribly and us being poor and all can look at them and not understand the grief. We spend more time with our loved ones. My children were brought up by me not a nanny.do u believe in Jesus? if not believe now and turn away from ur sin, i don't need nothing from u but, the only think is that u repent from  your ways can u? the kingdom of heaven is near, thank u and have a nice day, we love u. when u done help the poor people pleaseu can sleep peacefull without worry for the taxnothingThere are many advantages! Like, not spending so much time shopping! Not being afraid of losing all you have in a fire. Lower insurance premiums. Forced into eating more healthily. Not tied to a economic system of capitalism. More time for the important things in life such as family, study, and self-development. Learn the value of recycling. Learn the value of sharing. And you learn to appreciate EVERYTHING you have been blessed with. It works for me.There is no advantage, the only advantage is that you "learn to be poor". Who in the hell what to learn that?the poor are more adaptable to change.  watch who pulls thru when our government finally collapses  ;)The advantage is you can understand you're not the only poor person in this world, there are alot more friends at your community compared with those of the rich!Freedom and honor. Those who don't buy-in never have to sell-out.There are obvious advantages and disadvantages. But since you're asking about the advantages, here goes:. . - No worries about all sort of liabilities - house, car, country clubs, etc. - No worries about peer pressure and competition - who drives the fastest car, who has the biggest pool. - No worries about health because you don't often get to eat cholesterol-laden food like red meat, giant Alaskan crabs, fois gras, etc. - No worries about having pretentious friends who only hangs around you because you have money. - No worries about dying because you've nothing to cling on to.. - Basically you don't have any worries at all, provided you have the minimum: food, clothes, shelter and loved ones.. . radicalhop.com - thinking unartificiallyIf you are a 'happy' poor person then I think you have this game of life figured outThe only advantage I have witnessed is the fact that the family stays home more with each other but then they all seem to fight all the time so that turns into a disadvantage.less taxesIt's not a matter of money but how you deal with it. Accept the fact and love your family and friends. Don't be aggressive  just because you have no money.
telepathy is an imagined attribute whereby one can read someone elses thoughts, or project their thoughts to another person using no external method of propogation.. . No succesful, double blind, scientific tests have shown telepathy to work.. . most reports of telepathy can easily be put down to fraud or coincidence and conformation biasIsn't it a stage act?It is the imagined, or in the case of stage magicians, faked, ability to communicate from mind to mind.. . Many people claim to have this ability, despite the lack of underpinning process. It has never, ever been demonstrated under critical examination.I've just told you, telepathically.i call it extra sensory deception, we get it from our kids, once you get real good at it someone else could cause u to die by this means so don't get a dear john letter from hell it really is telegraphic in cardiac arrestActually its not strictly true that no evidence has been collected, what is true is that no absolutely concrete evidence has been collected. Twins have been tested for telepathic like abilities with pretty convincing results.. just not convincing enough.. . Sometimes telepathy is just a rare anomoly.. like how someone was making a joke about something yesterday and both me and a girl sitting opposite me (who happened to be looking each other in the eye) said Spongebob at the same time. The joke was completely unrelated to anything Spongebob like. It was pretty spooky actually.I don't know how, but I knew you were going to ask that question.. . I don't know how it works, but it does!I have the gift of Mental telepathy given to me by the Lord. I am daily talking to my wife who lives in UK and I live in India. The connection is such that the telephone can not match it in clarity and volumeYou think of someone and they phone one minute later. This happens to me so often it can't be coincidence.  In fact it happens almost every day.  It must be possible to tune into someone else at a distance. . . I planned to sack someone after many months of tolerating poor performance, intending to call and give the news at 2pm.  At 1.30pm she phoned resigning.  Then I failed to find a member of staff for a particular area and just as I went out of the door to start recruiting, someone phoned applying for that job. They didn't even know the job existed. This sort of event also happens repeatedly.. . These examples are from my working life as that dominates.  Somehow the person involved picks up on your mental processes.  I know not how. I just accept it as it makes life easier for them and for me.. . In personal terms I have spoken about an specific and unusual event from 15 years previously to one person, forming a strong visual picture in my mind and immediately heard from a friend mentioning that exact moment. Possibly this holds the key.. . Could it be that telepathy might be images that transfer visually in some way rather than words? To some it happens often and to others only occasionally.  Maybe not a paranormal phenomenon but due to a high degree of sensitivity or intuition. . . A religious friend calls these events Godincidences by the way. Who knows?
A Monopoly is where there is only one producer or company.. . A Monopsony is where there is only one consumer or buyer.A monopsonist is the sole consumer (for example, the only consumer of nuclear submarines in the U.S. is the U.S. Navy).  A monopolist is the sole producer.
Make the americans have smaller cars and get them to stop being quite so consumptive of EVERYTHING and ANYTHING.. . . . Been there Done it - Thanks, pal, glad someone on Yahoo has a sense of humour!Well, you can't control the nature climate changes, but we can all have an impact on global warming, pollution, etc. If the government would advocate $1 of every $50 invested in technology stocks to fund some up and coming companies to work on say hydro-electric or solar vehicles, these companies would come up with the new wave very quickly, thus reducing the impact of smog, and general pollution. It would also drastically cut down on our consumption of oil form terror prone states. This would also create more jobs within our own national borders.I am amused BushRaider69
Really? No one's going to judge me? So those thumbs up and thumbs down buttons are just decorations?You ask as if it is always a negative thing. We compare ourselves to each other, sometimes, to gage where we think we should be in life, to pick up tips from others on how to succeed like they did, and to thank our lucky stars that we aren't in the same boat as some of them. You can learn from people who succeeded in an area you want to learn, in changing their looks, or doing something you only dreamed of. Conversly, you can learn from their mistakes, too.. . By taking envy and jealousy out of the equation, you can become a quick study, make the right connections, and look at things in a more positive light. If you want to be like them, well, then BE like them, as much as you can.Because our subconscious mind is programmed to do so.we may reprogramme it.because our brain works with comparing. the eye sends the signals to the brain and the rain compares the wive. thats why we do that.I think it's because we try and seek what is normal.... Me? nope i do what *I* feel is right and not what the gernal idea of normal is.i think it is because we think our lives are much worse than the persons we compare ourself to. we do it because we are all naturally competitive. but we really dont give ourself credit to the life we are living now, because we all wish we had someone elses life.It's an ego thing.  Competition is part of the evolutionary process.We're competitive, we always have to be as good OR better than the person next to us. We have the need to feel superior.I think why we always compare is beecouse of the pecking order.  Everything is based in a way on the statement. Getting the best grades or the best girl or the best clothes or impressing people. Unfortunatly its confused with judgement. Comparing and judging is what you should be asking becouse when you compare yourself to others you can learn and in a way thats how you grow as a person by learning how people deal with life. I always used to go to the mall and watch people walking by and see how they react with different situations and also interact with other people. Or asking your big brother about women or how to deal with bullies and such.  I used to be in the army infantry and that is how i would learn leadercship. I would take the best parts of my leaders and make it my own.  If one was good at speaking to subordanates or his superiors but bad at staying modivated then i would take the good part and leave the bad and i would do this over and over and if i was still in i would still be. Unfortunatly judging someone is not learning or teaching someone to be a better pearson but instead its finding ways to excuse your weaknesses or fitting in the status quo. Its basically a lazy way of dealing with yourself.   Usually if you cant overcome something you make an excuse of why and try to convince yourself and others its acceptable sometimes it is but sometimes people will do the same thing and it backfires. Its the number 1thing that is wrong with american society. Our stubborness was once the standard the world wanted to learn but back then or sociaty was hard working but was compationate so pride was true. Our prior generations believed alot more in helping others and were willing to work for what they got. So as time went on little by little it was forgotten the lines were blured and then we got lazy and unapreciative so now instead of learning from others and there mistakes trying to make ourselfs better we always take the path of least resistance which would be to judge!I think most people have low senses of self-esteem and so they feel they must compare themselves to others to sometimes makes themselves feel more superior or successful or sometimes more inferior.. . People with healthy senses of self-esteem know what their strengths and weaknesses are and have no need or desire to compare their lives with anyone else. They know that everyone's circumstances are different , some more challenging , some less so.  They are happy in what they've achieved, what they've learned  and how they are in their world. Not smug or grandiose , just content and happy with their lot.I dont.. . its ridculous to do so. Then again I am grown
A fixation is the experience of not being able to move on from a specific stage most usually in a person's development.. . This term is most often used in describing Freud's psychosexual stages of development and is usually attributed to be the cause of neurosis.. . The most commonly known fixations are oral and anal fixations. Orally fixated people may tend to thumbsuck even if they're adults while anally fixated people tend to be quite obssessive-compulsive in nature.A fixation is defined as obesssion or fascination or a addiction. How do you get out of it? Well I guess that depends on what you're fixated on.
well when u find out someone likes u  you want to like them back because some times u think no one would ever like u so u like them back! HOPE U TAKRE MY ADVISE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I  It  is  the result of the euphoric sensation of being someday worthy of other person's time.
Your professor is tough.  Ambivert, introvert, and extrovert all in one homework assignment.. . Why not just look them up in Wikipedia and do the homework yourself?The term ambivert was coined to denote people who fall more or less directly in the middle and exhibit tendencies of both groups.. . An ambivert is normally comfortable with groups and enjoys social interaction, but also relishes time alone and away from the crowd.
You'll always remember the people you've been with, you love your X, but don't worry, he will always exits, you will get to be with him in heaven, now let him go.Get married to him, have a son and name the child after your ex. Then there will be no problems to call your exs name out loud.you know what?...a memory that deep can only come from a memory which is so happy and gives you joy...(since he was your first time, i bet it was the first time someone manage to make you feel important.so how to solve this?). since this guy is so deep in your mind, the only way seem logical is your current boyfriend able to give you the same feeling or perhaps better than him..he must be able to make you feel that he loves you and you are the most important thing in his life..as time pass you your memory of your ex will eventually wear off...there is always a time frame that varies from person to person where the repetitiousness of a name becomes relative to other stimulous. Paractice makes perfect and so does conceptualizing the new name out loud repeatedly in same context situations.. Just gotta get after your mind and make it mind, and it'll come around.Women are messed up.....Tell him to Fuck off out of your brain waves,maybe he's in trouble.Say ur currents flame's name over and over again...like till you sick of saying his name.Then your ex's name will go away.
Do as you have never done before and think as you have never thought before - these two things will lead to Miraculous changes. Choose what you want  - and think, act and speak as a person with your desired qualities would be.. . Secondly - challenge all your doubtsLOVE is the best wayeducation, understanding, support, security and opportunity.To change an attitude , can never happen because of a miracle , it is a lengthy and tedious process , where you have to pray, you need to mature with time and suffering , that will prepare you to smarten up and realize that you have been wrong all the time , that you have been barking at the wrong tree , personally it took me around 17 years to change my attitude towards so many things , and it is only at that point , that I started to feel peace I mean internal peace , and how much of an ass I have been.. SheersTo teach or learn.You can not make someone change their attitude. All you can do is be understanding and supportive and hope that through your actions you teach them that the grass is greener on the "other side"you cannot change others attitude.. to change ur attitude..firstly,be happy with yourself..than be positive i.e. try to think about positives of every point and thought.. there are many more of such techniques but you could improve by just using these two.. TRY THESErealizee what govt handouts and failed welfare programs do to you and finally resolve to stop voting and believing liberal..its difficult but it does work.My attitude changed a lot when I started working in a food pantry. I had been kind of feeling sorry for myself because I had a low paying job and some health issues and a bad girlfriend. Part of my job (volunteer) was to drive the extra perishables down to the homeless shelter.  After doing that a couple of time I realized that I lived like a princess compared to these people and that I could dump the girlfriend.. . Did you know that studies show that people who do volunteer work have longer life spans?enlightenment and they have to want to change.
If a person continually sabotages friendships and relationships they could be suffering from a mental condition called "Borderline Personality Disorder." (BPD). These type of people thrive on drama and conflict in their lives, and can be very obsessive in pursuing the relationship, but then once they attain it will break it off for no apparent reason. If this sounds like the person(s) you're talking about and you want to find out more about BPD, there is a great book on the subject called "I hate You; Don't Leave Me."Much of it is just Karma from a previous life. They are being led to choose certain relationships due to what they are owed from a previous life.  This is what is going on in most of our life.  Choice of Jobs or relationships, or a place to live.  It is all karma (what we deserve due to our previous liefs actions) Read the Universal Path to Enlightenment by Stephen Knapp  and for a website on universal truths write me.Your obviously not experienced with depression Most of the time that's what causes it.You have to forgive.then forgive again,Yes. http://tesh.com/ittrium/visit?path=A1x97x1y1xa5x1x76y1x2437x1x9by1x243cx1y5x5165x5x1boredom, mental problems,low self esteem, the need to feel important popular,to make people feel sorry for them, because they enjoy complaining.... they are unhappy people
People get so comfortable with their lifestyles that they don't stop to think about the reprocutions of what they do.  For instance, an alcoholic will not stop drinking because it's become a way of life for him or her even though every drink they consume is killing them slowly.  Usually, people won't change until something drastic happens because they need that wake up call to get them out of the lull they've been in all their lives.  Its sad, but at least not everyone is like that.  And we can only hope that more and more people realize that they are not invinsible and they can become addicted or fall victim to a certain lifestyle.  It seems to be high hopes for such a "free" society we live in today, but I pray everyday that someday, things will change for the better.Because many live in a state of denial .Because life is all about learning lessons and sometimes (well, most of the time) people dont realize their mistakes and what needs to be changed until they hit rock bottom. Only then can they start to rebuild what has been broken...Some alcoholics can loose everything they have and keep on drinking until they drop dead.  Some smokers will keep smoking even though they loose a lung, until their dead.  Some drug users will destroy their families, steal, etc. and keep going until their dead.. So I don't think it takes something drastic to happen for someone to change their life.  They just finally decided it was time to do it.It's called being complacent, which is very typical behavior for most of us.  Unless something drastic changes in our lives, we tend to take things for granted.  Example: Periodic chest pains may be "somewhat bothersome" until the heart attack comes.  Then and only then will a person decide to make some necessary lifestyle changes.because we dont see what's infront of us..thus it takes a life changing event to wake us up and it makes us open our eyes and reevaluate our life...Read king Lear , we had to read it for English and it goes on and on about life and blindness.
Easily. . You worry about what you can control, and leave the rest.. . . If you can't change it, then don't let it bother youI can't sleep normally.  I take a cancer drug that messes with my sleep cycle and I am often up for 36 hours at a time.  It stinks. It is likew at 10pm someone (invisible) shoots me up with speed and I am up all night.  Thats why my hair is green....teal for ovarian cancer...  I just worry about eating the best possible to live the strongest longest possible.  cancer is nore immanent than "crazy idiots with neuclear weaponds "Well if we don't sleep we won't be fit to protect ourselves. Thats why some stand watch while others sleep.they think we sleep because we've evolved to have the time during the day when we are most at risk (night because its dark and we cant see danger) be spent in one place not moving or making much sound. we're much safer that way.To have a peaceful sleep... Remove your wallclock to prevent hurrying. Rely on the sunrise. Also remove unneccesary things at your bedroom. Try to use scented candles for a fresh scent. And pray before to sleepI think this is where faith comes in. Isaiah 26:3If the dawn is not going to come, it sure isn't going to help because I stayed up all night!. . Relax.  Save your strength for more important things in your daily life.  Like when the neighbor kid steals your car for a joy ride, or when a cop stops you and beats he** out of you, or when somebody breaks into your house and steals your stuff.  Now THAT is something you can DO something about!crazy idiots of countries,who although they think can take on the world ,they are just a boil on a big backside, Iran's nutjob      adbejejebdebdjed, and numptie smith from Korea,don't realise just how small they really are in comparison to the rest of the world,when the shit hits the fan,they will fold,to save themselves.. Any country where the leader has pictures of himself everywhere,is unfortunately for the people of that country,a joke to the rest of the world.. Sleep sound,sleep well my friend,you have nothing to fear,the likes of USA ,UK ,France, etc,are never going to launch a nuke at anyone.And the other countries,it wont be allowed,maybe more ground wars to come but not nuclear.. Good night god bless,. if you have to worry,. worry about the weather or football,lifes to short to worry about things you can't control anyway.Well...see...what's the point in worrying about it really?  I worry about enough as it is which really interrupts my sleep let alone fretting about the end of the world.  But too, what can be done...if some crazy idiot is bound and determined that he's going to nuke us, what really can we do?  It's one of those damned if you do damned if you don't type deals (for our fearless leaders that is).Because God did not give us the spirit of fear, and not matter what everything is in his hands. God bless*ok here is my suggest what all those all thing in  u mind that affect u sleep in a book or something, basically take out all street of before u  sleep is the key also so will had less nightmare.And how would not sleeping do any good.. . Enjoy each night as if it might be your last,. . Sleeping is a pleasure.fear God and nothing else. . whatever happens is for  reson you can't control what's going on in the world, well not this any way. . PS great questionI prefer to be fully rested when I meet my maker.When I was in elementary school back in the 1960s, we had frequent nuclear bomb drills.  When the alarm sounded we had to put our coats over our heads and crawl under our desks.  Frightened the dickens out of us.  We learned to live with it. I feel much safer now.  I figure that the nuts will bomb New York and DC and not where I live, therefor I feel relatively safe here surrounded by corn fields.I leave the politics to the politicians knowing their day is coming. Then I trust upon ourFather above to keep me safe and sound. Without him I would be one of the crazy idiots!!!! Have you heard that saying been there done that!!!
active listening is where the listener repeats, clarifys, and echos what the person has just said. this is used during psychotherapy. it makes the patient feel like they they are being heard and understood. . . example:. . patient: My boyfriend is mean and left me alone at the party we went to at his sister's on friday.. . Listener: So you and your boyfriend went to a party on friday?. . Patient: Yes. . Listener: It was by his sister's house and he left you alone when you got there. So now you think he's mean. . . Patient: exactly. . then the listener will talk about why the person feels this way, possibly try and change their opinion, and infer things that aren't directly told.I do this with my grand daughters all of the time.  We could be taking a drive; I am driving (with the radio on), they are talking, we get to where we're going and then I ask them questions about their conversations.  They just look at me and say "grandma, you were driving and with the radio on, how did you hear what we were talking about"?Active listening would mean that I am facing you, not looking away.. I can follow your train of thought without being distracted by some thing else.  I am giving you feedback and questions.Wolf is right on!  It isn't as much about your gestures, as letting the person know with your RESPONSES to them that you are actually listening to them, and that you do not necessarily agree with what they are saying, but that you can understand how they feel about whatever it is that you are talking about!. . EXAMPLE:  A 4 year old in preschool hits a child that took his work away from him.   The teacher goes to discipline the 4 year old, and says, "Children are not for hitting."  The child says, "But he took my colors away from me!"  The teacher says, "When Bobby took your colors away from you that made you angry.  Even though you were angry you still do not have the right to hit people.  Next time try to use your words, and let Bobby know that you do not appreciate it when he takes your colors away...". . The 4 year old may still be upset that Bobby took away his colors, but he is getting recognition and validation of his feelings, and so hopefully, will learn from this exchange, and use his words next time instead of lashing out.Active listening is when you give physical gestures that you are listening.  You could lean towards the person when they are talking to show how much you are listening.  Nodding while they are talking also indicates you are paying attention.  Sometimes repeating what the person is saying helps them know you are really listening.Active listening means that you are giving someone your entire focus.  It is far more than simple gestures or verbal cues to show that you are listening, although these often accompany it (learning how to make it look like you're listening does not mean that you are listening).. . In a way, active listening is like a type of meditation, with someone else as the meditation object.  You are focusing solely on what they are saying and not allowing yourself to be distracted by your own thoughts.  Often when we listen to other people we're really just looking for a way to talk ourselves, so although we'll hear what other people are saying it won't really stick and we'll constantly be going through it and our own experience trying to find a way to contribute to the conversation.  Another thing that often happens in everyday conversation is that we think or do other things while we listen, so that the listening only gets part of our focus.  In active listening this doesn't happen; instead, we put all of our energy simply into listening to the other person.. . Active listening can be really rewarding for both parties, but it's also difficult to do, particularly in cultures such as the U.S.'s which put a lot more emphasis on being able to multitask and move at fast speeds than on being able to just focus on one person to the exclusion of everything else.. . A last comparison for active listening would be the idea of flow.  Flow is when you're doing something and you completely lose track of time because you become totally engrossed in the activity.  Ideally, active listening should be like this as well (although practically, this isn't always going to be true, particularly in counseling environments).. . According to Carl Rogers, active listening is one of the key parts of any counseling.  In his research on therapy, he found that as long if the counselor is actively listening to the client, then the type of therapy doesn't actually make much difference.  It's an incredibly useful and healing skill to have.
I think that is a sign of ADD Attention deficit disorder. Can't stay focused on any one thing.  That is part of the disorder anyways.In life a person must have self-control, and that happens only when you train yourself.  It takes practice.  You'll need it in your career and your income will depend on it, so now is the time to block out all those other things and get down to business.You may have ADD or AADD, depends on your age.  I've never been to a doctor for it, but I am pretty sure I've got it.  ADD is Attention Deficit Disorder and AADD is Adult Attention Deficit DisorderMaybe your studies don't excite you as much as your other thoughts. Try finding a way to make your studying more interesting by making a game out of it or have your girl friend over to help you. Be creative and you'll see it does work.Try Merkaba..it always works for me.Good Lucksounds like add or ur just not interested in the subject matter
what?. i really can't get it .. u r asking about adam ..... but i can't understandHe's not.. . Its just he morally right thing to do.. . Especially if your selling your produce abroad with state subsidies.
Because it is always best to do things twice! Reassurance darling!To get your ettention, and to let you know its him, whenever i go round a friends or somthing I ring 3 times so they know its me as no one else does it!!!to annoy you after all he has to put up with all those dogsOurs doesnt bother to ring, he rides a bloody motorbike!In case you were in the showerBecause he has OCD!he had fat fingers and those doorbells are so small....I don't have a door bell.......only a  knocker  - he knocks that about 5 times lolIn case you don't hear him the first time. Some may ring more than twice, but two seems to be the minimum.
Around me girls are mainly two types: one type has dedicated itself to social phenomena such as poverty and social inequality those are unquestionably UGLY. The other is that the type waiting for a hot date or out-going and having high self-confidence undoubtedly PRETTY :)I think that the physical apperances effects a way a person think has a lot to do ith how we all live in this worl. It to me is like brainwashing everyone.... you see a beautiful sexy girl....welll then the next girl wants to look like her... a man see another with big muscles then he wants the same. The difference is that we as human beings will do pretty much anything to be what we truely are not and that to me is my proof of theory!!!!!!!!!We are like cattle but with the results of a lab testing imprinted in our brain....I like being fair and honest with all people and I don't want to be a respecter of certain persons. An example of appearance affecting a persons thought would be you seeing  someone with a physical disability and wanting to help them even though they are perfectly able of completing some task on their own. Or assuming someones likes and dislikes because of there race and cultural background. Thinking your in love because a guy or girl looks attractive or seems like they have it all together. God Bless, Hope I helped even a little.lots.  even though there are a lot of ugly girls who carry themselves with grace and love who they are no matter what they look like.  It is really wha is on the inside that counts.  So look deep inside for what really counts.
I am the same, my morning dreams are much more vivid. I dont know why this is myself. I would suggest u go to the shops and buy a really informative dream book especially if you are really into it. With dreams, I only really know about lucid dreaming (where u know ur in a dream) and flying dreams.Although sleep may seem like a steady state, it actually consists of several stages that cycle throughout the night. The types of brain waves present at the time (based on amplitudes and frequencies) determine the stage of sleep. Only a brief introduction to the stages of sleep will be presented here because a thorough examination of them is beyond the scope of this site. Most importantly, lucid dreams occur in the 5th stage of sleep, known as the REM (Rapid Eye Moment) stage (note: REM is read as a word, not as each individual letter). As the name alludes to, the most profound discernible characteristic of REM sleep is the bursts of rapid eye movement while dreaming. Although dreaming occurs during the other stages of sleep, the most vivid dreaming occurs during the REM stage.. . One complete sleep cycle lasts about 90 to 100 minutes; therefore during an average sleep period a person will experience 4 to 5 complete sleep cycles. The sleep cycle begins with four stages of SWS (Slow-Wave Sleep), also called NREM (Non-REM). Note that after the completion of the 4th stage, the 5th stage does not immediately begin; instead, the first 4 stages quickly reverse and are then immediately followed by a REM period. The first REM period will occur roughly 90 minutes after falling asleep; thus the first REM period will last only about 10 minutes, given the length of each sleep cycle being roughly 100 minutes. The length of the stages is not static, however: as the night proceeds, the length of stages 3 and 4 (also called delta or deep sleep) begins to wane, and the length of REM sleep increases, up to about one hour in length after a number of cycles. Therefore, as the night goes on, you dream for longer periods of time.. . I'm not sure this will help you, but maybe the website where I found it will.those are classic symptoms of narcolepsy.  Its not always just falling asleep in the middle of something, its quickly going into a REM sleep.  you may want to talk to your doctor about a sleep studyIT doesn't necessarily work that way. I dont experience that vividity in my dreams.
Dear Rick: Unless a weapon is used in a felony and one or more are involved people can stand by and watch crime happen. There are no laws requiring people to call 911 if a crime is being committed. If you were taken hostage in a bank heist (felony) are you guilty? I believe fear for one's life free's them from guilt.If they were guilty, they would not be bystanders.  They would be participants.. . A bystander is not involved, by definition.Because they wouldn't be bystanders if they were guiltyBecause guilty bystanders are accomplices...Of course bystanders canbe guilty. When we do nothing but enable evil to take hold and act, we are guilty bystanders!ur so strange!Because they're all at the guilty partyBecause the guilty usually participate...!Guilt is the acknowledgement of an atrocity or crime.. Bystanders can't always be there to help due to the lack of those needing or wanting help. Also only being able to onlook due to restrictions.Definition of bystander:. . A nonparticipant spectator. . Participants are accomplices or abettors.
People have short tempers because they were not taught to properly express their emotions. Nobody has to go off on someone. I is always a choice unless they lack the skills for proper communicationCould be stress.....but my experience is usually it is a learned behavior (from a parent perhaps).. Genetics plays a part.  Therapy or counseling could help.It can  be anything going on in there life. it can be stress. it  can be well.... you fill in the blank. anything going on can cause a person to have a short temper.it is definately stressIt is not only stress but lots of other factors too. Sometimes they are simply mean.because god never had time to make everyone long ones?There are many factor for one's short temper. It can be from a hostile childhood, the way they were brought up, or just tired of unneccesary Bull****Sometimes it's our coping skills.  Some people just blow up at the slightest thing because they cannot deal with a certain issue.Maybe it's stress..but then again some people have a low tolerance for bull..ya know..i mean my father has a short temper for the smallest things..and it's pretty annoying..Stress is the reason, but a lot of times they are really upset about something else.  For example, last week 3 things went terribly wrong as we were preparing my husband for surgery this week.  The dental appointment was rescheduled without telling us, they forgot to do some pre-ope blood and heart tests at our appointment, and they delivered the wrong medication to us.  I flipped out with the dental appointment.  I knew it had to do with my husband's lack of attention to detail.  They said they had called my husband, but he had said we could not reschedule.  They never told us that the mold of his teeth was not ready and would not be ready for several days.  Unfortunately they were the straw that broke the camels back, and I took the frustrations of all three experiences out on the poor receptionist.  They ended up bending over backwards to help us out in the end, but little things like that pile up and you end up losing it over something that seems like nothing to someone outside looking in.I wish I knew.Anger is nature's way of saying you need to get out of that particualr situation but some people see it as a reason to geteven more hot and bothered.  Plus...if you live in U.S you can lose your temper beat up some one and if you have good lawyer..nothing to bad will happen so the answer I think it more like why not have a short temper???I don't believe that stress is the main cause although it also contributes.. . I think it is the person's choice to snap easily. I have a short temper matched with an acting out behavior. meaning that I easily get pissed off with petty things and acts out my aggression to others. I do this because of its immediate effect- CONTROL AND AUTHORITY.. . Once a person snaps, everybody's attention is focused to him/her. They shut up and stop arguing or they just give way to the one angry to lessen the commotion. That is why I choose to loose my temper easily.. . I could choose not to have a short temper like when my dad is pissing me off yet I couldn't bulge since he wouldn't be giving me allowance if I did so.. . It's a matter of choice and its immediate rewards. Not stress.its not stress. its jsut becasue some people dont know the most simplest things in life. common sense things. so tehref ore people have to yell at em to knock that knowledge in their head.Stress causes tension and tension causes severe headaches & short tempers. It is difficult to say exactly what causes tempers to flare... music too loud.. someone splashing water in your face. But.. basically.. I have to go back to stress as being ONE of the underlyng causes for a person having a short temper.. . . There is a kool URL at:  .  . Stress causes tension and tension causes severe headaches & short tempers.could be stress of work, of school, of driving in traffic, of home life...stress caused by a lot of reasons can cause short tempers... dug problems , drinking, lack of sleep can case short tempers... or just plain rude ignorant people use the above as an  excuse for their short coming and ability to live an society an a normal person... good luck. and . SMILEYes it is stress. stress levels have gone up dramatically and depression can also be a factor.I generally have quite a long fuse - it takes me awhile to lose my temper.  My husband has a VERY short fuse.. . I think it has more to do with tolerance.  I tend to be more tolerant and understanding while my husband gets very easily frustrated when he doesn't get his way or when someone is doing something to annoy him.. . Which is also weird because he can tune things out more easily than I can... you would think I'd overload!. . Good question - I'm sure you'll get some interesting answers.What the hell are you trying to say? I ought to bust you in your lip for implying such things!I think short fuse and long tempers. Way to much on their plate and mind.
You might be more careful about mountainclimbing or something when your 70.  In my thirties I dropped a lot of fears when i was living alone for the first time (and enjoying it too) that I still haven't got back no matter how ugly people get.  And I have seen an uglliness that I would have never thought possible back when I thought of people as healthy or unhealthy.  So take heart yiou will probably go through stages where you drop fears not acquire them.The brain continues to develop into your early 20's.  One of the last modifications to take place is 'pruning' of excessive links in the emotions regions.  This allows judgement regions to begin to dominate.you just work out you're not indestructibleIt's because you value life now as to when you were younger, you was care-free and didn't think much about anything to hard!it is good to be cautious to an extent. don be too cautious or u'll end up bein scared of things arnd u. don let it get it 2 u okay? talk to some1 professional abt ur fears and concerns or even ur parents or friends. don worry u'll work sthg out.
Whatever anybody would want to pay me for my mere existence...I would donate that to my favorite charity..... The national center for missing and exploited children". So you see, I am worth a whole lot of money....they need a lot of help.What am I worth?  Financially?  Not much.  How valuable is my time?  Every second I spend with my children is priceless.  All that other time ain't worth much.  I'll take time and a half for work I do over 40.  :-)I am worth 80% of my net worth and i would charge more than a dentist and less than a plumber. because i can. So i guess that makes me affordable and 20% lackingi'm priceless too =). nobody could ever afford me except my husband and my dad. when my dad almost gave me up, my husband took over *phew*. . ps: but for you (and 10pts), i'm worth AUD10 lolAt work about $70 an hour, my free time is worth at least double that...if there's something that I can do myself I still pay someone else to do it unless it costs more than $200 an hourThe only worth outside of my job is the value and friendship and support I give to my family and friends.. There would be no charge for that, because it would always be a pleasure.I am worth about £16 p/h. Perks of working as a trainee accountant lol, get paid for training then get paid a fortune for wroking, it sucks muhuhuhuhuhuhuh!200 dollars an hour. Time is money. Just kidding! lol. I would deserve it for having to act and be fake and pretend to be happy when all I really want to do is shove my face with food, take an approved sleeping medication and go to bed. Great question!!!!Well, it depends on what is the average pay for the work and your experience doing such a job!I am a worthless piece of shit that will never amount to nothing.. time is pointless.  just waiting to die.£300 per hour 24/7 which i deserve for being -mother/wife/chef/cleaner/problem solver/question answerer/organiser/manager/planner/thinker/gardener/driver/motivator/artist/craftswoman/receptionist/babysitter/the list goes on...Whatever i would ask for would be in millions.Because whatever i do, won't be just for myself, if i have that kind of money.£17.34 plus 2 mars bars and a newspaper. This is the correct statistical (ie nonsense) amount needed to keep me happy and reasonably productive.No money in the world would never pay for what I'm worth,. because of my knowledge of things.Well, if we are speaking of the mineral content of my body, I would be worth $5.49 USD.  Of course that would fluctuate from day to day depending on the market value of precious metals.  Over a lifetime I suppose that would break down to .0027532c per hour with an average life span of 83 years.. . According to a story which appeared in the May 99 issue of the Washington Post, $508,700 a year might be a good estimate of a wife's worth. That figure was according to a study by Edelman Financial Services Inc, based in Fairfax, VA. . . I think I will go with the $508,700 a year.  :)I would call myself a “Consultant” so I could charge $300.00 an hour.  Have you ever seen a Consultant worth what they charge?I can't quantify myself any more.  I refuse to.A HUMAN LIFE IS PRICELESS IF YA KNOW HOW TO USE YOUR GREY MATTER DEPENDING ON YOUR EXPERIENCE IN CERTAIN FIELDS . AND AT MY AGE TIME IS MY ENEMY AND I USE EVERY SECOND TO LEARN MORE EACH DAY . AS FAR AS PAY WELL IT WOULD BE PROVED AS TO WHAT I WAS WORTH  TO SAVE ANYTHING NEEDEDPriceless. :DPriceless huh?  That means "without price", correct?  So, in other words, free!  Finally a price I can afford!!!. . I'll take 3 Poison Ivy's and a side of Marianne_not_Ginger!
maybe you have deppresion...talk to the doctor because you dont want to spend your life, on the edge of tears...wish you wellI told myself that it wasn't an appropriate time to cry. So I didn't let myself.Take a deep breath and count to 10I wouldn't say this is foolproof, but here it goes:. . Look up.  Looking up helps keep tears in your eyes and prevents them from spilling down your face.  Rub your eyes like normal to get rid of any excess tears.. . I hope I helped!Instead of saying to yourself 'I will not cry..I will not cry...',. say just the opposite over and over, I Will cry, I will cry.. Works every time.  I read about this in a self help book quite a few years ago.  Hope it helps!kill off ur emotionswatch a comedyIts better (if you can) to let yourself cry. Crying is way to relive stress and is very much needed to be healthy. While you may find yourself crying more than most people, its most likely your way of dealing with stress. It may decrease some as you change to different points in your life. . It's better to get yourself to a private place and let yourself cry.. However, if you feel must stop it. The best way to do it is to make yourself laugh. Laughful also releases emotion. So it will be the most likely to stop crying without bottleing emotion.. Since everybody's sense of humor is different it's hard to tell what would make you laugh. The easiest thing to do is to think of a silly memory or idea. Pick one out when you do not feel like crying. It will be easier to think of then. Then whenever to feel like crying think of that memory.Think about winning the lottery.. . Seriously.Focus on happier things... stop thinking negatively!  as they say . . don't worry, be happy!Inhale, it will stop your tears from coming outwatch "it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world"
sexThe gratification of the senses or of the mind; agreeable sensations or emotions; the excitement, relish, or happiness produced by the expectation or the enjoyment of something good, delightful, or satisfyingdefinition?"Pleasures" is the plural of pleasure, meaning more than one pleasure.  Go for as many as you can and avoid the pain.It means "You are welcome".the sex store pleasures, or more than one pleasure/liking. most people just resort to the perverted definition of something sex related/ orgasms.good answer given by " Priya ". it is the reality of todays and nobody can denayed it.. good day - jindajind !
It is not teaching people to think, but to be good, skilled workers, able to fill a capacity within the labour market itself. Thus, in the context of the liberal arts, it is not education but training. This is the difference between a diploma from a trade school and a traditional university. Another way to say "training workers" opposed to "educating the populace!". --CJ "That Cheeky Lad!"It is education directed toward a trade or profession, rather than a general education. For example, studying history generally is not  education for the labour market, but studying archaeology is. Studying Law or Medicine is educating yourself for the labour market, but an English degree is not.supply sides policyeducation is seen as human capital. education can also be as a signal in case of adverse selection in recruitment.
Always remember that money cannot buy happiness.donate all your money to a deserving charity. You will be both poor and happyAs much as I am a total commie -  I feel you must have a list of achievements, and by achieving things you can be poor and happy.... . I'm poor as hell, but play guitar at a faily advanced level etcby not comparing urself with rich people.poverty, unless you are talking about "the poverty line" which is an economic calculation, is a relative term. Don't compare your purchasing power to others, only look at your absolute living standard ( do you have a warm shelter? healthy food? clean water? even internet?) Remember there are millions of people in other countries living in much lower standards than yourself. In short, just don't think relative and think in absolute terms.stay single, you may end up not being poor as a by product though
Man' heart is often wicked so it is very difficult to have social equity, trying to have equality among people.  The children suffer the most because of ignorant adults.  It waxes and wanes.  Improves and gets worst just depending.basic fairness to all. it is suffering and declining
Just log out from yahoo answer and get to bed. Believe me you will sleep soundly. Try it..It will work..I'm asking that same question.  Unfortunately, it's because I have to be---Working, well, actually taking a much needed break from my psych patients, who for some reason, don't want to sleep either.  One of them is standing at the nurses station staring at me.  A few years ago that would have freaked me out, but now, I just say, "Hi, want an Ambien or a Xanax?"Maybe you have insomnia... or maybe you need to clear your mind of all the goings-on around you.. I'd try drinking warm milk or a tea with valerian root.  I used to use baby bath that had lavender in it and take a long bath, listen to jazz music, and read a really boring book on some topic I knew I was never going to need in a daily basis.  Bored me to death and I closed my eyes and hopped out of the tub and went to bed.  Might help.I strongly suspect that's because you don't have a job to go to in the morning. Get one and you will sleep like an angel!Depends.   You need to take it easy, rest, clear your head, have a nice environment to sleep, etc. etc.   But you have to sleep sometime no matter what the conditions you can't stay awake forever.you are like me i guess, too curious to get to bed, i have been going for about an hour, and as you see i am still here. i am not laughing, just grinning, because i feel the same.Because you are still breathing and you still realize that you are alive! I would like you to treat each day as the last day of your last day in your life.... So continue on liveing and doing great things in life. Good luck!You take sleeping pills,but ask the doctor first.
Speak for your self..... The girl I went out with last night was a litttle nymph. Called me gay because I didn't feel like it .....Because nature intended that men impregnate as many of the female species as possible. So hormones.....take over and things slip a bit?Well pal, our brains like it in our pants because unlike women we think logically, clinically and with steely decision.  To do that, we need a quiet, remote, dark place which by default, lies in our pants.   Actually, it's all down to the "Y FRONT" syndrome where comfort and support reign supreme.  Also common to the "Y FRONT" syndrome is that if you scratch around long enough, something always comes to hand, or crops up or comes to a head.  At least by having their brains in their pants, men can palpitate their cerebral hemispheres with ease, unlike women whose brains remain buried deep below their temporal lobes.Women have a habit of saying that MEN do not have brains.. . So how come most Men are CHEFS,Presidents,Surgoens etc..... . But men certainly have one thing in their pants that women dont.some men think the grass is  greener on the other side  of the fence , but its not always the case , and   when its put on a plate  it takes a good man to refusepersonally mine is in my Skull.lol if our brains in our pants,u wont see male sceintist or male country leader in the world,,it depends on the personality,,in fact men has strong feelings than women, i don think that is trueJust because you keep your brains in your pants doesn't mean that the rest of us do too.  Self-loathing dip-wad.. Illuminating, though, to see the misandric comments from a lot of the women answerers.I immediately thought of Bill Clinton when I saw your question. Then realised that you didn't mean US (United States) men - silly me.. . I guess it's because we always want to feel we can lead with something.Its cuz us women are irresistablllllllllllle!Brains are safe there.. By the way, that is exactly where women look first.Obviously judging  by your Grammar and spelling you are one of a kindMen are more visually stimulated than women.. That is why men's porn sells as videotapes and magazines while women buy more romance novels to fantasize. . . Because it is easy and profitable to stimulate men visually with sexy images of women, our media, entertainment, and advertising industries regular use this ploy to maximize sales and business.. . So this proliferation of stimulus encourages more such response from men, creating the impression that is all they respond to.Not always, sometimes, I use my head as well. Sometimes.because otherwise, we'd never even bother talking to women (or at the very least, we wouldn't impregnate them and get stuck with em for life), and our species wouldn't procreate.because we only have so much blood in our bodies and when we have two heads that are competing to control ourselves the blood is divided between them.  since our little head needs less blood it takes control quicker than our big head, so then we are at the mercy of whatever our penis wants us to do...They have a head there to.  duhYeeha...............women the world over have been saying this for centuries!!. . I take my hat off to you!!coz u put them there!Someone  said  'cos  the  little  head  usually  tells  the  big  head  what  to  do'.  True.  Ha! Ha!Sorry, friend.  My brain is in HER pants...Well you said it mate! you tell me! your the first man to admit it though so good for you well done!Do you mean are US mens brains? Our us brains?. If it's the US, does it need explaining? If it's us? Because we are tossers!Because you dont know how to think otherwise, and us women wouldnt be nags if you actually had a brain in your head!!!CU'S ITS BETTER THERE THAN ON OUR HEADS AND U GET DONE FOR FLASHINGWish all men would admit it like you though most haven't got any anywhere.you are right if you use the head that got the brain in it. men wouldn't do stupid stuff to get them self in trouble by cheatingWhat the f..k are you on about....are you on Drugs?...They say the little head rules the big head.
You really need a psychology professional.Warning: your house could be haunted by evil spirits and demonic forces such as poltergeist. If you start seeing images of kurt cobain , jimi hendrix , or bob marley leave Quick.. For kurt cobain carrys a shot gun with him .. Jimi hendrix carrys an axe guitar.  and bob marley will set in the corner and say " Hey you got any ganja man"tvs donot have feelings only humans do . if you dont know how to run the tv dont let it run at all . tie your tv down and let it suffer! lol!
capitalizing on uncontrollable urges such as frustration . drive up sales when properly appliedteasing and misguildance to a level that is barely legal. so a guy hooters and tell him buy a certain colonge and he will get them, even when he don't have the money and stash to do itThey try to exploit your frustration and sell their products. A frustrated mind will not be in a position to sift the grain.
The brain is pretty darned important.  It pretty much runs everything else.. . Developing a brain to the point where it has the right level and right types of intelligence means the person with that brain will be better able to manage his life, deal with problems, and even fight off disease.. . There are a whole lot of reason's why the brain is important; but that would require a whole reference book, which my particular brain just doesn't have on hand right now.the brain is the sole operator of your body. it tells you to to live, it tells you everything to do that you do. without your brtain your body would not functio as a humanThe brain is important because nothing else in the body can function with out it.Well, it's important to you and me because without it you couldn't ask this question and I couldn't answer!of coz brian is important coz no matter who u r and no matter how rich u r, if u dont have good brain and dummy, no one will respect u. brain also center of our body. the brain control all things in our body. if u get stroke, and ur brain damage its hard for u to become normal person anymore.
psychology is the study of the mind and philospohy is the study of lifePsychology focuses on the biological aspect of Philosophy. It mainly analyzes consciousness instead of simply everything.Psychology is answering the question HOW.  Philosophy is answering the question WHAT.   Religion is answering the question WHY.Try a dictionary next time. http://www.m-w.com/. . . Main Entry: psy·chol·o·gy   {The old useage was study of spirit}. Pronunciation: -jE. Function: noun. Inflected Form(s): plural -gies. Etymology: New Latin psychologia, from psych- + -logia -logy. 1 : the science of mind and behavior. 2 a : the mental or behavioral characteristics of an individual or group b : the study of mind and behavior in relation to a particular field of knowledge or activity. 3 : a theory or system of psychology <Freudian psychology> <the psychology of Jung> . . Main Entry: phi·los·o·phy . Pronunciation: f&-'l?-s(&-)fE. Function: noun. Inflected Form(s): plural -phies. Etymology: Middle English philosophie, from Anglo-French, from Latin philosophia, from Greek, from philosophos philosopher. 1 a (1) : all learning exclusive of technical precepts and practical arts (2) : the sciences and liberal arts exclusive of medicine, law, and theology <a doctor of philosophy> (3) : the 4-year college course of a major seminary b (1) archaic : PHYSICAL SCIENCE (2) : ETHICS c : a discipline comprising as its core logic, aesthetics, ethics, metaphysics, and epistemology. 2 a : pursuit of wisdom b : a search for a general understanding of values and reality by chiefly speculative rather than observational means c : an analysis of the grounds of and concepts expressing fundamental beliefs. 3 a : a system of philosophical concepts b : a theory underlying or regarding a sphere of activity or thought <the philosophy of war>. 4 a : the most basic beliefs, concepts, and attitudes of an individual or group b : calmness of temper and judgment befitting a philosopherPhilosophy is the study of_______.(anything).While psychology is the study of human behavior.
1. By asking them and deciding they are trustworthy.. 2. By asking them and then checking with the college they said they graduated from.. 3. No other way except by verbally testing them in such a way that they don't know they're being tested.Ask them!
I have also heard it was the bodies way of protecting itself.  Think about where many people are ticklish: their sides, neck, and armpits.  Those are all squishy places which don't offer much protection but have a lot to protect.  I'm sure a few people are ticklish on their ribs but that might have more to do with the bone being so close to the skin so the nerves are kind of sensetive.OTHER PEPOLEIt has to do with nerve endings and reflexes.I'd say it was sensitivityi heard that the reason some people are ticklish is because it's the bodies way of protecting your vital organs. it is an involuntary reaction the body has for protecting you.
I think they affect the way you feel and act, while certain colors make you feel welcome, others wont, while some colors make you feel calm other will get you sort of "hyper". . When you wear certain colors they make you feel like the stuff you associate it them with, for instance if you think black is just for funerals then whenever you wear black you wont feel as good as if you wore a light blue shirt or something. Or in buildings, bright colors on the walls might affect you after a while because they sort of "overwhelm" you after a while, certain colors have a depressive state on people, like that green that hospitals have on the walls, they're supposed to be soothing but once you associate it to hospital it's just depressive. White usually makes you think of neat spaces and calm, but if it's not blended with a little color touches in the room it can be VERY BORING.yeah sometimes it does affect your mood.. but it is usually mind over matters.. ;)I never though about it. But light colors definitely makes me feel better.I think color has a great effect. I have pink, green and blue in my house, all soothing colors. I wear whatever color I am in the mood to wear, there is a different mood for each color.. . Purple-Spiritual and regal. Pink-loving and optimistic. Yellow-joyful. Green-intent but relaxed. Blue-talkative and compassionate. Red-passionate and earthy. Orange-creative and curious. Turquoise-peak experiencesBlue is calming. Yellow, green, and red entice hunger. And white says that you couldn't come up with an actual color.Grey is my favorite color.Hi!!The colours make the difference between a "sunny" and a "cloudy" day. A "sunny" day to you all!
In order for this to happen India will have to do something like the USA did during the decade of the 40's in the previous century!dont daydream.............America is too powerful a country.....all we can do is boss around with our neighbours.......that's all and nothing else....Ive just completed a development course at uni and i must say India will never be a world power... Its economy is a dualistic economy (2 economies in one) ie you have 700 million people in agriculture and the remainder in high technology. The problem is that you need a bridge between this high technology (ie nuclear power) and agriculture, that is you need industries with variable capital coefficients so that the machines in these industries can be modified to use more labour and absorb the labour surplus from agriculture, once the labour surplus is removed from agriculture then that sector is forced to modernise with the rest of the economy (ie as happened in Meiji Japan with their textile industry diffusing the steel and steam engine industry technology to agriculture). but the british destroyed Indias textile industry as it was much more compeditive then the british one, so India had no industry to diffuse the high technology.... Now india is adopting a strategy of open markets FDI, unregulated finacial system (this strategy will fail! NO country has ever industrialised through free trade!) again look at every country that has indusreialised since 1914 (there is only 4 of them and they have all had regulated export driven economieswith GOD wishes and simultaneosly indian's hardworkBy playing basketball basebal  land by stop praising muslimswell, madhvi its glad 2 no dat at this time when, the govt. is not thinkin enough abt india, pepole like u r thinking abt it!!! i think, dat if our youngsters will be like u , then surely, india will become a superpower like the us!!. now, i think ive done much of ur praise, so dat u can choose my ans. the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!India might some day have a large aggregate economy, but the US was in a unique position during the 20th to become a "Superpower". . . The US didn't just have the world's largest economy,  it's ties to Europe brought it into WWI and WWII; Europe's savagery and lack of opportunities brought many bright, productive, and important immigrants to the US; US culture was embraced by most of the world; the "universal" language of English happened to be the native tongue of the US; and US lead the world in invention, innovation, and business practices.. . I think all those thing went in to making the US a "Superpower", and I don't see India ever replicating such an influence. Not China either.when people like you will stop chatting and do something for india our country i mean join politics, become a social reformer,and help poor by giving at least 20% of your salary . will u do it ? if not then don't ask this question again...........we should have wait for it a long ! at least u could not be able to see india becoming a superpower in your life tennure?Only 1 option. Work more. Export more.The country still faces massive hurdles before becoming a superpower, such as its poor infrastructure, widespread poverty and high unemployment, and the need for economic and social reforms.. . The potential for India to become a major superpower in the future will depend on the government's ability to make the necessary economic and social reforms before the country is overtaken by other Asian rivals.. . India: Growth Market for the Future . . Although India is still a relatively undeveloped market for western consumer goods, several factors converge to suggest that it holds great promise for the future.. .  . While not experiencing China's phenomenal growth, India's economy grew steadily over the review period, underpinned by a series of good monsoons, a higher level of foreign investment and growth of its manufacturing and service industries.. . India has become a global hub for software and business processing outsourcing (BPO), although this still represents less than 3% of total GDP due to the dominance of agriculture.. .  . The new urban middle class that has arisen from the success of India's service industries has created rapid growth in demand for more sophisticated consumer goods and services.. .  . The gap between the "haves" and "have nots" is widening, however, as the majority of the rural population still lives in poverty. . .  . India's young population (with a median age of just 24) bodes well for future growth, as there will be a steady rise in the number of people of prime working age. . .  . In tandem with economic growth, progress needs to be made in the areas of education and social support, such as unemployment benefits and pensions.. .  . The new VAT system implemented in April 2005 should lead to lower prices for the consumer and thus release pent-up demand.. .  . A recent upsurge in bank lending has led to a rise in mortgages (fuelling demand for home improvement products and appliances), as well as consumer credit (underpinning demand for durables and large-ticket items).. .  . While extended families still remain the norm, there has been a noticeable shift towards smaller and more compact households, as young people move to towns in search of work.. .  . The role of women is changing in India, with many more women delaying childbirth, joining the workforce, and taking up western habits and interests such as drinking, smoking and fashion.. .  . Due to religious reasons, the majority of Indian consumers are vegetarian, which has an impact on the types of product offered by manufacturers and foodservice operators.. . Distribution trends. .  . The ability of manufacturers to penetrate India has been significantly impeded by the country's fragmented retail distribution system.. .  . The vast majority of trade is still unorganised and foreign direct investment (FDI) by international retailers is still prohibited.. .  . However, despite the still low level of organised trade, domestic supermarket chains are growing strongly at the expense of traditional retailers, and the major domestic retailers have ambitious expansion plans.. .  . Direct selling has proved a successful distribution method in India due to the large pool of ready and willing distributors, especially among unemployed housewives.. .  . Internet retailing has not yet taken off in a big way but is becoming increasingly popular among urban consumers who have access to PCs and the internet.. . Consumer Market Trends. .  . The fastest growing industry in India (among those under review) is that of consumer electronics, with growth of televisions, video games and digital cameras in particular fuelled by rising wealth and the availability of cheap credit.. .  . Processed and packaged food consumption is still held back by factors such as price sensitivity, quality scandals, preference for fresh food bought at wet markets, low refrigerator penetration and erratic electricity supply.. .  . Nevertheless, sa
The stock market is based on investors' feelings about how things are or might become. Feelings are important. If I feel confident that my income will continue uninterrupted, I am more likely to turn loose of my money rather than hanging on to it. But you must also factor in "hard" data like GNP when determining economic health.Investors try to predict the future profits of companies which depend on the economy and since they have money on the line they do a pretty good job. However this is not the same as  determining the health of an economy any more the a weather forecaster determines the weather.STOCK EXCHANGES ALLOVER THE GLOB THAT INCLUDING INDIA ON LY SHOW THE MASS MOBILITY OF FUNDS IN DIRECTIONS THE BULLS PULL THE STOCK CART CAN BE OF DIFFERENT INDUSTRY INTERESTS . HAWKS IN THESE PULLS BY BULLS NAB THE OPPORTUNITY TO MANIPULATE ,SWING ,SWINDLE THE MONEYS TO THEIR ULTIMATE BENEFITS MAY BE POLITICAL ALSO. SO STOCKS CANNOT BE TERMED AS INDICATORS OF ECONOMICAL PROGRESS BUT ECONOMICAL POLITY AS WELL AS INDICATORS OF MOVEMENTS OF VARIOUS CURRENCIES, THEIR INTERNATIONAL IMPORTANCE. OUR RUPEE HAS INTERNATIONAL IMPORTANCE SO FIIs PLAY IN OUR STOCKS TO PULL THE RUPEES IN EXCHANGE OF DOLLARS AND OTHER MAJOR CURRENCIES. SO THIS SWITCHING OF CURRENCIES OF MAJOR DEVELOPING COUNTRIES LIKE INDIA, CHINA, MIDDLE-EAST, SOUTH EAST ASIA HAS BECOME VITAL GAME IN FACE OF GLOBALIZATION. SO YOU CAN CALL STOCKS TO BE BAROMETER OF INTERNATIONAL INTERESTS SWINGS.. SO STOCKS CANNOT DETERMINE THE ECONOMICAL HEALTH OF A NATION TODAY BUT ONLY DETERMINES . DEMAND OF YOUR CURRENCIES IN THE GLOBAL MARKET.
Group process. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to: navigation, search. . In organizational development (OD), or group dynamics, the phrase group process refers to the understanding of the behavior of people in groups, such as task groups that are trying to solve a problem or make a decision. An individual with expertise in group process, such as a trained facilitator, can assist a group in accomplishing its objective by diagnosing how well the group is functioning as a problem-solving or decision-making entity and intervening to alter the group's operating behavior.. . Because people gather in groups for reasons other than task accomplishment, group process occurs in other types of groups such as personal growth groups (e.g. encounter groups, study groups, prayer groups). In such cases, an individual with expertise in group process can be helpful in the role of facilitator.. . Well researched but rarely mentioned by professional group workers, is the social status of people within the group ( (i.e., senior or junior). The group leader (or facilitator) will usually have a strong influence on the group due to his or her role of shaping the group's outcomes. This influence will also be affected by the leader's sex, race, relative age, income, appearance, and personality, as well as organizational structures and many other factors.. . [edit] Some dimensions of group process. . Some of the aspects of group process that a process consultant would look at include:. .     * Patterns of communication and coordination.     * Patterns of influence.     * Patterns of dominance (e.g. who leads, who defers).     * Balance of task focus vs social focus.     * Level of group effectiveness.     * How conflict is handled. . [edit] See also. .     * Group dynamics.     * Team building. . [edit] References. .     * Team Building by William Dyer, 3rd Edition, Prentice Hall 1994.. .     * Process Consultation by Edgar Schein, Prentice Hall 1998.Paul and Bright say it all, I can add no more!. CJThe group process approach-also known as the sociopsychological approach-is based on principles from social psychology and group dynamics. The major premise underlying the group process approach is based on the following assumptions:. . (1) instruction takes place within a group context-the classroom group; (2) the classroom group is a social system with the characteristics of other social systems; and (3) the teacher has the capacity to establish and maintain a productive social system-a productive classroom group. Thus, the major role of the teacher is to establish and maintain a productive classroom group. While there is some disagreement concerning the conditions which characterize the effective, productive classroom group and the managerial strategies that foster those conditions, this section examines group managerial strategies that are based on four excellent sources: the work of Kounin (1970), Schmuck and Schmuck (1979), Johnson and Bany (1970), and Glasser (1969).. . Fifteen group managerial strategies are examined in this section: (1) exhibiting withitness behaviors; (2) exhibiting overlapping behaviors; (3) maintaining group focus; (4) fostering reasonable, clearly understood expectations; (5) sharing leadership; (6) fostering open communication; (7) fostering attraction; (8) establishing and maintaining group morale;. (9) developing cooperation; (10) fostering group cohesiveness; (11) promoting productive group norms; (12) employing classroom meetings; (13) involving students in decision making;. (14) resolving conflicts through discussion and negotiation; and (15) employing role playing.
You can only draw on past experience. Social change had remained stagnant for centuries.   It would be like trying to theorize humans with wings. It just wouldn't work.It should also be noted that anthropologists didn't really exist in the colonial age. The systematic, scientific study of culture is largely a product of the late 19th century and methodology wasn't refined until the 20th.Anthropology as an established social science only really co-existed with the colonial era from the end of the 19th century. The last hundred plus years have seen more concentrated change in the West than at any other period of human history, and it was against this backdrop that much early anthropology took place. Compared to the rate of 'progress' in the US and Europe during this time, the studied subjects - mostly agrarian, pasturalist or hunter gatherer peoples living under colonial regimes - seemed to be stuck in a motionless void. In actual fact no society stays still; but many of the early pioneers were partially tainted by their own beliefs in racial supremacy, which assumed that non-Western peoples were incapable of conscious change, and were instead at the mercy of their environments. It is also argued that another reason to avoid discussing change was to minimise the effects of colonialisation itself.. . A reluctance to see anthropological subjects in a state of change was further stimulated by the reaction against rapid developments back home. Such was the pace of change that many Westerners perceived in their subjects a closeness to the land and to nature that was being eroded in an increasingly industrialised and urbanised Europe and US. The mythical 'noble savage' did not change, and was therefore superior in many ways to his Western cousins: living in the bush was a far nobler, more 'civilised' way of life than being an urbanised factory worker. It therefore suited the personal attitudes of the colonial anthropologists to see their subjects free fromthe change that had blighted the West. It should be noted here that many anthropologists during this period had actively rejected a life back in the West, otherwise they would not have moved out to the colonies in the first place - and so were more likely to see their subjects in a romanticised manner. . . Modern anthropologists find it far easier to accept change. This is for a variety of reasons. Firstly, experience has shown that all societies constantly change. Second, many of the presuppositions and prejudices that led to odd theories of stagnation have been lost now that peoples and cultures understand each other better. Thirdly, an increasing emphasis on the anthropology of the West (see the excellent work of Kate Fox for some good examples of British studies) has revealed and proved that the West and non-West share a lot more in common than people previously believed: one thing being that the only thing that doesn't change is change itself.
Because the free market automatically allocates resources to the highest value uses.   And the highest value uses are the ones that people want the most.. . The modified or regulated economy is the dominate because it is now the most free.  If a country adopts a more free market they will dominate.we are not operating in a free enterprise when they can make cars and other products in countries that dont operate with the same regulations as we do. they pay people a dollar an hour, of course they are going to be able to provide a car with all the bells and whistles at what companies here would amount to a loss. if we could pay our employees a dollar an hour then we would be in a free market
The freedom to choose who you want to obey, like ford said you can have any color car, as long as its black.A free man is obligated to no one but his wife and kids.s.Rules and laws are made to protect us but each one takes a little more freedom. We seem to be pretty limited In a way but we should apreciate what we have.
As Wolf didn't said, we need to practice cultural relativism if we want to deal with other cultures. But one can also never deal with an other culture, even if it is too bad to do so.because to judge or study a culture we need to know how they view things- a moral or amoral. it also helps when we try to explain one culture to another. . by this practice people understand people whom are different better and people don't pass judgement on other cultures as fast.
if it was always the weekend there would be nothing to look forward too.Because we have just had the week end, we are now at the week beginning, in another four days it will be the week end again. Why can`t you wait, like the rest of us?Dunno but i wish it was!Then there would not be any anticipation for the weekend!you are really are bored arent you?! keep random picking q's and its nearly always you :o)because it's just been the weekend!It is for me, 'cos I have a day off.  Why not get a job like mine that isn't based on a 9-5 Monday - Friday schedule.  Then perhaps you could use your day off to think of a more original question.Good question.  Who came up with this crap that week-ends are two days long anyway?. Why can't the week be Tue-Thurs.  And have the weekend Fri-Mon.  I'm protesting! Who's with me?Coz it's Monday, duh!. . Anyway, why do you want it to be the weekend?. Perhaps you want to go out partying again, but why not think of something else to make yourself smile. Try putting on some music and dancing.
Physically, is mostly refers to science as in physics and chemistry, so that's through physical experiments.. . Socially, varies, depending on what you want to do but usually occurs through observation and limited direct contact.In social sciences the subjects are variable, therefore the outcomes ususally cover a range. A repeat test results will be similar but not exactly the same,  Larger numbers of tests are required for accuracy, but still any single test may be significantly different.
A social conscience is a set of customs and norms that are acceptable to a given society at any given time.. . Its like a group conscience.The fight for liberty and justice is never ending. We must never give up what our founding fathers beganAn awareness of our society and how it affects us.  Example: displaying models as sex objects makes women strive for skinny beauty.  Is it healthy, maybe - maybe not - but it is a result of societal control.well i can say this can be simplified into acceptable behaviour and social norm... we must know as an individual we cannot live alone, we all need society and society needs you...with existence of individuals comes society.. so what is social conscience? it is just that you must realise sometimes you have to give away some freedom in order to gain advantage in another form..for instance we are bounded to the law of a country, as a compensation you gain access to public facilities and development..social conscience is a point where you must realise your own duty to the society.. you are to release some of your freedoms for better good of everyoneThe moralistic status quo.Caring about others and the social problems and diseases of this country as well as the world.Social science construct. Think; could a " society ", an arbitrary construct, have a conscience? Of course not.
Music always gets me in a pumped mode! try some up beat music that makes you want to get up and dance!I find a good kick up the back side does a world of goodI like Kedz girl's idea. . The right choice of music before game time is always nice.  and a we can do it pep talk - it's a new day, it's a new game, it's time to take the win.just say "well maby well do better next time"!!!! lol. . . )yahoo(
It is called empathy. Plainly speaking, we put ourselves in the other person's position and by reliving it we show that we care for their painful experience and thus show support.. It is much better than saying "Yeah. That's sucks." with a stone cold face. Although crying in every situation is an extreme. An understanding face and a hugh, with a couple of nice words so much better.Because we have empathy for others, and we may have been there once ourselves.Because we are  caring , sensitive peopleit is not we, it its heart dat cries..........Empathy.  You feel badly for them.  You must be a very caring person !We show our feeling and share with themBecause we feel their pain, or empathize with their situation.we cry because we feel bad for them
I'm leaning towards life experience parents have alot to do with it but their not essential. I feel that if your friend so put in a difficult situation such as living in a dangerous country he would have two possible outcomes one he will die. the other is he will evolve to circumstances and prevail.He learned it from his father. The only thing that could change this is where he was faced with a difficult decision that forced him to take a dominant role.. . But to quote my father, nothing builds charactor like picking up rocks in a field.This is a learnt behaviour. . He has been surrounded by passiveness his entire life and for him to be a confident assertive person now, he would need to learn these behaviours and thought processes from someone assertive or make a personal choice to become assertive to some extent. There very well could be a life experience in his future that may trigger his desire to toughen up but I feel it is highly unlikely he could ever become aggressive/assertive as his upbringing instilled a values and belief system that goes against this.You didnt mention his mother and I am wondering if she was the aggressor or by that, I mean, what was the power distribution amongst the family group. oops, you did mention the mother, take it all back.  . Sorry, over analyzing. . There are strategies that can be implemented to encourage assertiveness. The first for the very passive is learning to say no and once this has been achieved move onto voicing opinions, needs and wants. The very passive find saying no to someone extremely difficult and are taken advantage of because of this.I think that being tough would be something that would be learned from life experiences.Ah the old Pablovian dog theorum...this has never really been proven in my mind...the poor kid yer talking about would have to basically re-grow up...and that would take years...throw him through an army basic training type course...toughen his physical strength...weight training...get him to lift hundreds of lbs on a bench/leg press/free weight situation...all this plus give him a bit of an attitude like a badass or something to that effect by throwing a little hardship his way...mix well and you would have your "toughened up subject cocktail"...this would take years and effort beyond what he and his supporters are in reality are actually capable of but some of this can be aquired if he applies himself...it's like your "tough guy" has something of all of that...physical and mental strength with the tactical training to back it up...you could throw him in some karate classes too and that would help...theres just too much to be said for "are we products of our enviroment or is it genetic" on this forum so I'm going to leave it at that...
I actually do not dream before I sleep I am in a deep thought of something...(not of what has happened in my day)....just a pleasing thought then I fall asleep my dream may or may not be of what that deep thought was...... REM is rapid eye movement that happens several times during a normal sleep period which does happen when your asleep. So maybe you are in just a deep thought before you drift off and are in that relaxed stateDo you mean daydreaming? . . You can't dream without being asleep. The dream stage comes with REM sleep, which is the latter part of your sleep cycle.may be you are a dreamer.
Therapy.  You seem to have self esteem/self worth issues.  You are a parent, you have to ask yourself if you are possibly raising a person who will go on to do something that you yourself have not achieved.  Don't you think it's a possibility that, that in itself is your purpose or job in life?  We can't all be in the history books.First of all -- why focus on Rock Star, Model, Millionaire -- which is a warped point of life -- just look at how these folks live and the low morals they have  ... I CERTAINLY do NOT want these as life goals -- and they are not something to aspire to anyway.. . Self Acceptance comes when you look at the skills you have (and have you really explored your interests fully?) and take them to the next level -- gain additional instruction to help you become a better student, better at studying and completing projects and tests, and develop STEP GOALS -- the little points where you say -- this is my next STEP in the road to success that I HAVE DETERMINED is what I want to do -- so I can achieve this success by:  a b c etc.Just realize that not everyone can be a rock star or a model.  It is ludicrous to feel like a failure about something you cannot be.. Being a millionaire isn't out of the picture in this day and time if that is what you want.. Man, there are millionaires all over the place nowadays.  Not really a big deal with the economy being the way it is.. But it is time for you to have a reality check.. Don't allow yourself to get all obsessed about something you can't possibly achieve in the first place.. Keep focused on the things you know. . If it is necessary for you to finish school to get the job required to provide for your family, then finish what you started.. You may be perceiving yourself as average, but that may not be case.  The key word is perceiving.. Sounds like you really have things going for you and there is no reason for you to be down on yourself because you aren't rubbing elbows with the super rich.Everyone has their limitations. Some people are more gifted than others. You must be exceptional in some wayYou don't have to be  a college professor, or a movie star to be an exceptional person. You are an exceptional person because God made us "all" individuals, so you're exceptional just because you are "you!" okay?
Going homeless w/ a disabled child. Got help for my son and was able to get back on my feet through a great job and huge support group of Friends.It was my first time to go back to the USA last November for an examination . I passed it, however, last May my father was hospitalized. I have to go back home in the Philippines. He died after staying for 36 days in the ICU. Unlike in the USA, those who are 70 years old above are not usually accepted by the Health Maintanence  or the Health cards. We spend for it! We were spending around $2000-$400 a day on a cash basis for the medications which were cheaper if bought outside. Miracles really happened. My sister & I had prayed alot & we were feeling that the Lord was really helping us! Miracles happened daily. Whatever we need, we were just praying for it, then it is already there. He comes in mysterious ways. Though my father died, we know that he had already rested in peace with the LORD. He is there eternally. We were thinking how our mother would cope up. I am presently staying at home with her. My sister shoulders all the financial obligations of the family. I might have no work at present but I am contended to be with my family. He really provides our needs! You just have to have FAITH.Drug addiction.  Active for 25 years, 2 years clean.. I started with self help books, a few relapses, therapy, the bible, meetings, and determination.  . Now I'm eating right, and I am exercising.  I still continue with the self help books and the bible.  I am putting to use what I have learned for the good.  In other words, I have stopped thinking about it and am DOING it.
I respect elders because they have been through so much in their lifetimes that makes them respectable. My grandparents are both 86 years old. My grandpa was in the Army during WWII and both lived through the Great Depression, WWII, Vietnam, .... I personally can't imagine how hard it was for them, and I respect them for all they've done.I believe it is because they have experience, and have accrued wisdom over the course of their life.  Being respectful is to show that you value someone - and our elders have seen so much in their lifetimes.Personally it's because I love them and I respect them.. . They are a walking encyclopedia.  To ignore them or push them aside is terrible, but it is a bigger loss to you.  They have a strength of character that is rare these days.. . they remember more than any of us have ever learned.because it is the right thing to do and because of love,but most of all,it is because they deserve it!could be for either reason--or both depends on the individual relationship of the people involved.Respect for the wisdom of your elders leads to harmony. :-). . They are your teachers, listen to what they have to say. Treat them with due respect, and you in turn will be respected. Yeah, I know... loads of people say, "But the old ways are old fashioned".  Not true.  Listen.  Apply to your own heart what is meaningful to you and integrated it with today's issues.. . What you take in to your own heart is what makes you who you are.Wisdom. Knowledge. Integrity. TrustThey love them.It may be wisdom, love, etc. There are many factors that can determine why someone is respected.love and respect and upbringing and traditions.... . love because they are families or friends.... respect because they've gone through so much.... upbringing because if the parents respect the elders, the children will learn to respect the elders too..... traditions is that in some asian countries, the elders are the most powerful person at home, and everyone must give in to the elders.. you will be despised and is shameful to show disrespect to the elders...because we r simple minded folkBoth.Old people are now visitors in this world, and they go through pain and illness most of their time, they were once young like us and one day we will be old like them, I will expect the young one to take care of me just like I take care of them now. . Old people become like babies again, they become very touchy and sensitive, they worry about death all the time, they do reserve respect because one day we will sure miss them!!They could be useful for their wisdom and wealth.
Well, you're a better person than me, for all the time I've spent helping people (as a teacher). I tend to "tune out" when someone goes on too long about their problems, no matter how valid, unless it's my kid.. . I'm NOT going to the dictionary...but will wing it and say that empathy IS the ability to "feel" at least some of another's emotion (not always suffering), while compassion is more akin to sympathy: feeling badly for the person, without necessarily knowing what they feel, just sympathy for their circumstances.. . People like you are rare...you should become a counselor...but you'd probably be advised to "distance" yourself a bit, or eventually, you could get depressed or inured to your charges' suffering!Well..... sometimes when I look at somebody I can understand how they feel. Like, a feeling that I know how they're feeling, but I can't put words to it.. . It's weird.. . But then, I'm weird.. . It happens only when I'm paying attention to it, so maybe it's my imagination, but I'm usually right.Strict dictionary definitions have a hard time separating the feelings of empathy, sympathy, compassion, and pity. Often these words are used to define each other. However research on the concepts has begun to pull them apart. Empathy is considered a mirroring or vicarious experience of another's emotions, whether they be sorrow or joy. Sympathy, on the other hand, is a feeling of sorrow associated specifically with the suffering or need of another. Literally, it is fellow-feeling, and requires a certain degree of equality in situation or circumstances. This is in contrast to pity, which regards its object not only as suffering, but weak, and hence as inferior. Compassion is much like sympathy in that it stems from the suffering of another, but it also includes the need or desire to alleviate suffering.. So you would have to determine that definition for yourself.  Everyone has their own definition or idea of it so I guess each one will pretty much mean the same thing but told in different ways.
It depends on what you are talking about. If you are talking about the world in general, then I would have to say nature, due to the fact that mankind has not done nature a very good term. We are slowly and totally destroying this planet and all of the nature that  is on it. In another 1000 years or less, if we do not start to take care of the pollution and clearing of the rain forest, this planet will not be habitable. / On the other hand if you are talking about nurturing as in a child or loved one, then I am all for it and there is not enough of it in the world. It is becoming less and less as time goes on and that is why a lot of our children are less responsive to nurturing than they were 20 or more years ago. I hope this helps.This is the oldest "debate" in psychology. Most psychologists would probably tell you that BOTH are important. As psychologists or counselors we tend to work more on the "nurture-side" of things, but if someone is born with mental deficiencies, physically handicapped, etc. - then, of course, nature is perhaps more important to that person's development.Nurture.for me to know and u to find out?When you type this question, you should get a list of previously similar asked and answered questions. Then you will save 5 points and go through all the answers until you found a good one.
i dont know y, but dats good.u should stop doin it!I suspect that had you given in to your next-day cravings, you would be addicted as well.  It sounds as simple as willpower.  You recognize that you may become addicted, so you avoid doing the drugs too often.  However that doesn't mean that you won't one day find it hard to get away from.  How often is your recreational use?  If it is every weekend, you are already addicted.  Try going a weekend without it and you'll see.  . I suggest quitting that junk alltogether.  Use some softer, less addicting drugs, or have a drink to relax.  Your current "clarity" WILL give way to an addiction, it's a matter of time.  Help your friends quit that shit too, or you'll bound to get sucked into their world.... Good Luck...addiction is as much mental as physical, and can run in families, you may be lucky and not become addicted however i think you are playing with fire and should quit it alltogether whole you still can. addiction is very hard on you and your love ones. put your strength in helping your friends get off the drugs.well because coke and ice both suck.    that's why you're not addicted.well, not everybody is into the same thing.. i did coke off and on for a month, and all it made me want to do is dress nice *shrugs*. but i did notice that if anybody in the room had some, my head exploded with NEED. it didn't agree with me.. that and since i was raised on ritalin, the coke high lasted a couple minutes at the most-it was metabolized in seconds.. on the flipside i was actually addicted to weed for 10 years though, so again, different people, different things.Try to quit. It is better when drugs are a problem for someone else. Cuze eventually, when you ll feel stucked in life you will find a solution of your problems in drugs. . . It's up to you. . . good locuk.Go to the library or online and look at what AA and NA say about addiction and you will find your answer.  A person is addicted when there is a physical, spiritual and emotional imbalance.  . What has me wondering is why you risk all you have to do illegal drugs.    And why do you hang around with "addicts"?  . One thing both AA and NA say is "it's not how much you use or how often, but what happens when you do".  And people who are not addicted don't worry about it.. Good luck to you.  Don't get arrested!Hi Matt, who knows why you're not as dependent on it as your friends, but there are several really good reasons you should quit.   The first that comes to my mind is for your own physical and emotional health.  For obvious reasons.  In case they aren't obvious, let me explain a little: in a few months, if they haven't already, you're friends will look pale, pasty, and emaciated.  In a few months more, they're eyes will have black rings around them and be inset into their skulls.  The cartilage in the back of their nose will dissolve and mucus will constantly run down the back of their throat.  They will get frequent nose bleeds.  Their teeth will rot and they will develop blisters all over their bodies which they will of course scratch and cause to bleed, probably eventually causing permanent pock marks.  Believe me, junkies aren't pretty, and they are most definetely not happy.. I'll give you the drug speech my father gave me, he's a very wise man (a wiseguy sometimes too): ''anyone who tells you drugs aren't fun is stupid.  Its when they start to take over your life that they're a problem, and eventually, they'll take over your life.''. You don't need drugs.  You even just said so yourself.  So why test your limits?  One sad thing about the drug culture in the US is the way we treat people who are dependent on drugs.  Drug addicts aren't seen as victims, but as people who chose their way of life, just look at our prison system.  If you ever get caught, you're life will never be the same again.  Every time you  look for a job or apply to a school you'll have to check that box that says 'have you ever been caught in posession of illegal drugs'.  . Good luck, whatever you do.Addiction is actually a disease that affects the brain chemistry in the addict differently that in the non addict.  The neurons respond to the substance and metabolize it in a signifienctly different way that increases the production of endorphins which cause pleasure for the user.  This chemical reaction does not take place in the non addicts brain so the craving does not happen to the extent and thus less of a chance of becoming chemically "addicted".  You should understand that you can also become chemically dependant and this too can cause extremem difficulties.A lot of people do drugs to escape some sort of problem they are dealing with, or problems that haven't been dealt with. It may be now, or it may have been a problem from the past. Those people are the drug addicts.
I used to have the same problem you are having right now until one day I woke up and decided not to care. I decided that what I needed to do was believe in me no matter what. If I know I am right then I am right and if not then to heck with it at least I tried. What you need to do is learn to love yourself enough to know and believe you can do it. Forget what others feel, forget what your scary mind tells you, just do it after you are done for the first time you will feel a sudden rush all over your body. It will feel weird at first but then you will feel realized and complete. Believe in yourself you are the best, you deserve the best and I know you have the right answer. We believe in YOU now is your turn!Practice talking about something in front of a mirror.   Talk about some favorite thing you like to do as if you are telling the other "you" all about it.   Give yourself an honest to goodness smile.   Learn to love yourself.. . Keep away from thinking any negative thought.. . Keep doing that and the confidence you've shown in the mirror will come through in other situations .. . Practice Practice PracticeIts very easy my dear friend.. You do one thing.... First of all you leave to ashemed of.. You please never care of others. You do what you like.. All are person, no one is god on earth.. Just think of your defined target and go for it without carrying for others.>faith in yourself is not dependent on others praise and premise.. remind yourself often <nobody will ever do a better job being me>Well I sort of understand where you are coming from about confusion. I always felt the same way and I used to be extremely introverted (not shy just lacking interest and confidence to be around others). The hard part was from adolesence and it got worse than ever as a young adult when I was suddenly forced to make adult decisions. . . To sum it all up, my parents were divorced when I was going through adolesence and I was forced to live in an abusive environment with my single mother up until I had the chance to escape and move away (senior year of high school). It was horrible. She was truly destructive to me and at that time my father would not let me live with him because he felt pity for my mother and didn't realize how bad the abuse was until several years later. . . Anyhow not trying to get off track just wanted to explain some of the reasons that I had this problem. She managed to torture me emotionally for so long that it spiraled out of control when I was in my early 20's. I had such severe depression and felt so poorly about myself that I was admitted into a hospital several times and my last stay was for half of a year. But somehow through all of that I finally realized that I was allowing someone else to control how I felt about me and that couldn't be right!. . I took counseling but the best solution to my problem was taking the step to cut my abusive mother out of my life. I didn't give her any space to contact me and after some time I started making friends with new people. I got my first little apartment. I also got to know myself more and discovered that I was not such a bad person. In the end I met my husband and I never thought I was capable of being loved or sharing a sucessful marriage. I have also been blessed in the past two years with becoming a mother to a baby girl (and am expecting another). I never thought I was good enough to be someone's mommy. But I am and I am truly a very brave person to have been where I was and to have overcome it.. . As far as confusion is concerned, I would say that low self esteem can dull your awareness of the way things truly are. So the best thing to cure this would be to first figure out ways to understand and love yourself better. Face something that you are afraid of, help someone who is worse off than you, become active in some hobbies. This will help you to overcome it. But also paying attention to the events unfolding around you are a good way to abate your confusion. Best of luck and remember that there is no other person like you in this world. God made you and fashioned you to utilize your talents and blessings. And you are responsible to love yourself and to love the world around you because who knows, maybe one day you will be someone's mother or father or have a greater mission in life than you ever imagined possible. Good luck and may God bless you with more hope and courage to reach your dreams.believe in yourself,be cool,think that all your rivals are noting more than mad cows.what will happen if you give a wrong answer? well you might get to know the right one from someone.just be +ve and give me 500$ when you are successfull.to think confidently act confidentlymy suggestion would be that u need love and affection firmly from some one.believe in god. believe in yourself. believe in ur past record. believe in positive thinking. believe in ur strength. . don;t believe in anyother thing.. i wanna say u one thing. plz note it down in ur diary.listen. . khudh se jyada bharosa kisi aur par mat karna,. khudh se jyada bharosa kisi aur pe mat karna,. kyun k. andhere mein tou parchai bhi sath chorr jati haiThere are a lot of membrane like layers in human brain called concious mind, unconcious, sub-concious and so on - to innumerable.  Confidence is also defined differently like every mental characteristics.  Jesus told ' your confidence or belief would protect you' (or else).  First - Confidence is NOT expectation of something.  Second - Confidence is NOT reliability on something. Third - (please fill up and reach a conclusion as to 'WHAT IS NOT'.  Then the real confidence would shine in our mind.  It would take a bible for me to explain to a human mind which can not feel a 1000s or more years memory by seeing things from others viewpoints. In ONE WORD - Confidence is that everything is being done by God and He would do good at all times.  How can I explain more if 'confidence is taken as  materialistic by meaning'.
im not sure but i think that youre just, not insecure, but like you dont want to get used to something cuz youre scared that'll be taken away from you just as easily. but thats just what i think. im the same way and thats how i feel about it. i hope i helped you out.Because you are in a constant state of growth and change.. which is a very good thing.. I wish I could say I have those qualities in me but I tend not to be so motivated.it might just be part of your personality and that's not a bad thing unless it impairs your life or the qulity of your life. If your need to change causes you not to hold down a job or have good social or romantic relationships there is a problem.. .....if you add more details I can answer you better...... . you may also be searching for something- for some kind of fulfillment. everytime something isn't right for you or just isn't enough you move on. You may need to- if this is the case- sit down make sure the things you are doing are what you really want to do. and they are what you need* to do. . make sure you aren't trying to live up to others expectations. or your own that aren't very realistic. . maybe you don't want to go to school for a degree becuase you hate the work, the money, and time you'll spend- but maybe you need that degree to feel happy or you don't want to date someone even though they have a great personality that you love, because of another trait they have.. . try adding more details and I can try and answer you again later
weirdo, that not the right place. see a psychiatrist both of you...and add to that the mrs. too. hope it helps.this will sound pretty weird but maybe there is something in your past that you can trace this "fetish" too. but if you don't want your son to have it then you have to stop. people don't realize this but there children look up to them as an example no matter what age. it has become more then just a fetish when you start needing them in bed with you it becomes obsessioninteresting.... i'll wait for some answers from people too.I have the same kind, there's no problem. Enjoy your wife's feet!Honestly, I think it'll be all right, dude.it sounds like his fetish is fully-formed. too late.. . the best you can hope for is that he grows out of it.. . like any fetish, the weirdness and seeming taboo is part of the atrraction to it. so if the parents forbid it, it will only reinforce his.. . let him live his life. your fetish did you no harm; let him see where his goes..  First of all, has this fetish ever caused a problem in your behavior toward others or in your relationship with your wife?  As long as your relationship with your wife is not damaged by this, and you have to inclination toward inappropriate behavior toward others, I would say that this fetish is not a problem, just an oddity in what you find stimulating.. .  If you want your son to not have this fetish, then I think that you and he should see the same psychiatrist.  It is apparent that he has this fetish, whether you want him to or not.  If there is any chance that this can be "cured' by being treated early, it is going to require professional help.  And, it would not seem fitting to ask that he seek treatment for it unless you also seek it.  If, with treatment, he loses, or lessens the fetish, and for whatever reason you do not, well, at least  he will see that you took the same medicine.If you like pantyhose....more power to you and your son, just hope they never stop making them.:). Accept yourself and your son. I think your too judgemental of yourself for your own good. The lack of "taboo" will limit the effect this situation has on your son. I doubt it's genetic.
Racism is ignorance, hatefullness, cruelty, harshness and just plain stupidity geared towards someone of a race different than one's own race.My definition?   Small minded opinions,about others, based on fear instead of love. Executed by those who DO NOT seek knowledge, and have NO understanding on what it means to be humane. The exact type that are screwing things up all over the world spreading their HATE and monstrosity wherever and whenever they get the chance. An act I would NEVER participate in, and I pity those that do.. . . Said with love...Any distinction, exclusion, restriction, or preference based on race, colour, descent, or national or ethnic origin which has the purpose or effect of nullifying or impairing the recognition, enjoyment, or exercise, on equal footing, of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the political, economic, social, cultural, or any other field of public life.”KATRINA, POLICE ABUSE, KRAMER,rac?ism? /?re?s?z?m/. –noun. 1.a belief or doctrine that inherent differences among the various human races determine cultural or individual achievement, usually involving the idea that one's own race is superior and has the right to rule others.. 2.a policy, system of government, etc., based upon or fostering such a doctrine; discrimination.. 3.hatred or intolerance of another race or other races.The attributing of characteristics of superiority or inferiority to a population sharing certain physically inherited characteristics .racism is one specific form of prejudice , focusing on physical variations between people.Racist attitudes became entrenched during the period of colonial expansion by the west ,but seem also to rest on mechanisms of prejudice and discrimination found in very many contexts of human societieswho's is the greenest side of the fence.First of all racism has nothing to do with anthropology.How would you define anthropology by the way?Racism or theories of different races one being superior to others has been around for ages until some french guy wrote a book defining it.The book was called 'La Race' and I don't care who wrote all that filth  because he got a serious jail sentence after WW2.Hitler borrowed some of it for his own satanically perverted version of it in 'Mein Kampf'.In fact the way we use the word today  often means something quite else.Unequal opportunity in general is not always due to people thinking they are superior over others necessarily but a legacy of bad economics and  bad manners and the attitude of indifference that is common in adults these days as well as their lack of good reading.If law enforcement would actually combat discrimination people who do so  these offenders would find more reason to do it even.That is how bad people are....The definition is the idea of a certain subspecies of the human race (neonazi's for instance) that they are superior to othersMost people and dictionaries probably define racism as discriminating or othertwise treating people badly on the basis on their skin. This is true, but racism is really just treating people differently on the basis of their skin. This could be a prefernce, or just a 'seperate but equal' deal, only actually equal. Either way, racism should be/is also defined as generally being without merit.rac?ism? /?re?s?z?m/ Pronunciation Key - Show Spelled Pronunciation[rey-siz-uhm] Pronunciation Key - Show IPA Pronunciation . . –noun 1. a belief or doctrine that inherent differences among the various human races determine cultural or individual achievement, usually involving the idea that one's own race is superior and has the right to rule others.  . 2. a policy, system of government, etc., based upon or fostering such a doctrine; discrimination.  . 3. hatred or intolerance of another race or other races.  . . . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . [Origin: 1865–70; < F racisme. See race2, -ism]THE AMERICAN VERSION GOES LIKE THIS: FIRST WE WERE PROMISED A GREAT WHITE LIFE & WORLD, THEN THEY ADDED IDEALS, TO WHICH THEY ADDED:REPROSENTITIVE GOVERNMENT TO WHICH WE WERE GOING TO BE SUBJECT TO SOMEONE ELSES WANTS, SOON WE HAVE INTERBREAD SOME RICH GUYS LIFE INTO SOME ONES OFFSPRING AND THEY ARE NOW HERE TO SAY THEY WANT PROBLEMS, I WANT MY WHITE WORLD BACK, BUT THE CORPORATIONS WANT CHEAP AND WE LIKE TO BUY CHEAP SO HERE WE ARE IN CHEAP AMERICA, WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND AND RACISM IS BASICALLY LEFT OVER PEOPLE BROUGHT HERE FOR EXPLOITATION TO SERVE WHITE BUT MONEY RAN OUT, SO WE GOT A WORLD WITH NOTHING LEFT BUT BITCHIN OVER EACH OTHERS SCREWED UP WORLDRacism can be known and be intrepreted in many ways.. Prejudice is an example.. Stereotype is another example.. It all depends on how a person qoutes it.. Racism is based on ethnicity, and nationality..etc...racism is about race. there are white people, blacks, asiens and so on. example: a person from south america can't say a french person being racist to the south american. reason: the spaniards of south america had ansestors come from spain. In spain the spaniards are considerd white people. samething with italiens, they have draker skin than those from nother europe but they are white. a black person can call a white person racist and vise versa. samething with asiens and white, asien and black. and many other races. therefor racism always about skin color, but the ethnic background of the person and their ansestors.Treating people differently because of their skin colour or ethnic background. In an special liberal twist, that includes being all creepy and extra nice.sum 1 thats hates black people
Why ? Do you think we are all watching you ????Not sure.  A psychiatrist should answer this question.  I would think if someone thinks they're being talked about, hearing voices or sometimes thinks they're being followed or stalked when they're not.  To me, that would prob. be a sign of paranoia in someone.Fanatic or excessive feelings, in all categories, suspicion, fear etc.par?a?noi?a? /?p?r??n???/ Pronunciation Key - Show Spelled Pronunciation[par-uh-noi-uh] Pronunciation Key - Show IPA Pronunciation. –noun. 1.Psychiatry. a mental disorder characterized by systematized delusions and the projection of personal conflicts, which are ascribed to the supposed hostility of others, sometimes progressing to disturbances of consciousness and aggressive acts believed to be performed in self-defense or as a mission.. 2.baseless or excessive suspicion of the motives of others.Two noia.. (Sorry. But as we used to say in undergrad psychology, "Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean people AREN'T out to get you."). (You have some good definitions already.)This is not a direct definition, but I guess you could use this?. . Paranoia includes fear of someone harming you or someone close to you. This fear needs to be irrational, the danger isn't really there. But this last bit is often hard to determine.. . Some, I think, have their reasons for being afraid: e.g. one person labeled paranoid who's a drug-addict and owe a lot of money to some not-too-nice-guys. Well, this could be a rational fear as they might hurtthis person.. . Other people might have rather unrealistic thoughts of who's coming to get them, e.g. the FBI, midgets or their neighbor. If they do not have a good reason for this (if it's irrational), the person is paranoid. "Not a good reason" is usually thought to be that most people would disagree with the basics in you're story, e.g. "The Indian medicine man is going to kill me because I ate tomatoes today" (This isn't waterproof as the others might be wrong).. . I guess if you accept the basics of the story/thoughts of a paranoid person, there's no problem understanding the fear.
'Motivation' is what gets you to where you want to be.Without motivation one wouldn't get out of bed in the morning. motivation is important in life to reach ones potential and to achieve goals.without motivation you may as well go and dig a hole for yourself.Motivation is important to all of us, without it we wouldn't even leave the house in the morning. We are all motivated in different ways, some people have more than others.Without proper motivation your project will reflect lackluster results.. . Anything worth doing is worth doing well.Without motivation, no one will succeed. Motivation fuels our desires and our want to do something, either better or worse. Motivation puts you in motion and gets you acting on your feelings. Motivation makes the world go round (literally).IF   YOU   DONT  MOTIVATE  YOURSELF  NO   ONE    WILL  DO   IT  FOR  YOU ,  WITHOUT    MOTIVATION  , YOU  COULD  GET   SICK   AND  DIE .!!!   THATS  WHY, PEOPLE   PUT   ON  SO   MUCH  WEIGHT  CAUSE    THEY   LACK    MOTIVATION!Motivation helps the world go round... if nobody was motivated to do anything there would be no food, cars, clothes.... if God had not been motivated there would be no us.If you don't have it, you won't do sh!t.Motivation helps learners develop self-regulatory skills which allow them to set their own goals and manage their own learning. This is vital before one can perform.. .                                                                HANK (Josh)Keep movin, keep livin......Without it we will all sit back.motivation is extremely important because it enables us to persist in working hard and to fully maintain or prolong our levels of energy and concerntration to the maximum. if we don't feel motivated in ourselves or we lack motivation in carrying out certain tasks or to go about doing things, then it implies to us that we aren't ready or don't feel ready to do so. it is only by lacking the hunger, belief, perserverance and desire, that difficulties arise later on and if they are not addressed immediately as we try to encounter and address those problems and to take matters into our own hands.
There has been a campaign against racism in Romania called "Discrimination destroyes dreams". And it is true. A human mind which is not very polished can easily be influenced. Tell a child that they are beautiful and smart. Then tell them they are ugly and lousy and see the difference. Why would we kill people's dreams with racism when we could find the treasure from everyone of us no matter the nationality and religion?Im not black but Im just wondering why you have segregated black people as if they were the only ones who recieve racial prejudices, all people can be the subject of racism, why not include all races? (spelling?)
math wise, its the change in location. if your in one place how, and another place sometime in the future, thats movement.a symphony of ups and down, rests, and crescendos
ANOVA stands for ANalysis Of VAriance, and measures the difference between groups of data. An ANOVA compares the mean values of multiple groups and gives an estimate of how likely it is that the results you have could be the result of chance. An ANOVA is usually calculated using a computer, with statistical software such as SPSS or a basic computational program such as Microsoft Excel. Calculations by hand are long and painful, and I am unfamiliar with any situation in which that would be expected.ANOVA stands for analysis of variance, which basically looks at how data varies around a mean. The tighter the spread of the data points the more likely a relationship exists. Regression helps measure relationships between variables that may even affect each other.. . For example, one might test reasons for buying a hybrid car? Answers might include gas mileage, environment and technology. After several or hundreds of people answered, you could run regression to test a hypothesis such as, people buy hybrids because of the environment.. . There are many differents methods depending on the shape of the data you collect and number of variables you are testing. The basic calculations are sample averages and standard deviations.
My favorite time of day is morning. It's like starting a new book you can't wait to read.  You know it's going to be good, but you don't know the story yet.I love every hour of the day.  I have a quite a few years on me and am not too sure as to how many days I have left, so every day all day is important.  I thank God for each and every hour He gives me.  I want to live them to the fullest.When I sleep. I just love it.i like it at night were your day is summed up and you know its just calm and all......Driving to school with Rick Ross blasting through my system.I like early evening, because I am wide awake, I'm able to do anything I need to or want to, and work is over with, and I'm at my best that time of the day.  Mornings take me a while to get going, and by early evening, my energy level, is at its best, and I feel like doing things. I'm also more mentally alert.  I think everyone is different when it comes to their BEST time of the day. That is when I also enjoy walking or exercising.  And my dinner is the best meal I enjoy as well.Evening. It's nice and the sun is setting, beautiful scenery.........mine is when i first see my friends and we give eachother a highfive and "hi"! and then just talk about the night before, and how tired we are, and not want to be at school, besides the fact that we all see eachother. and then when my best friend and other best friend try to beat me and my other best friend in a hand game! when we all just have fun without getting mad or sad, or anything going wrong!The best part of the day is when I see my 3 little boys smiling faces in the morning.  The second best part is bedtime, since I'm sooo tired after taking care of those same 3 boys!
Life has both ups and downs. Usually when your down is seems horrible, but once you finally get past whatever is bothering, Life will be WONDERFUL!!!life is horrible because we have made it that way. somethings in life we can not avoid or change. people do things to hurt others, terrorists attack other countries, and so on. it is horrible because there is nothing we can do about it. i feel bad because i cant hardly do anything to change it. if people tried to make life better then we would all want to live more. if people would at least try to change the way life is then less people in the world would stop waking up wishing to die.Lifes not horrable and theres gotta be something that chers u up heres an Idea I live with depression and 1 method I've learned is to get busy doing something.....call a friend......prey to God( if you believe in that sortta thing).....watch something funny on tv or look it up on the enternet......I think you probably think live sucks because your bored or want to do something......so try some of my tips and see how they work for you :)What does this view do for you? It probably allows you stay miserable in your circumstances(real or imagined). 2 things you can do...exercise....produces chemicals that actually promote happiness, and try convincing yourself that life is not horrible...self talk(negative or positive) has been implicated as one of the most critical factors in maintaining depression or overcoming it.Life appears to be filled with misery because we have certain expectations for what will make us happy, and these are often unfulfilled. When we don't have any unfulfilled desires, we are not sad. When we have minimized desire, we don't have to constantly quench it to keep ourselves happy.thats just the way life is. accept it. But there is another side to it, life can also be BEAUTIFUL and WONDERfuL. find out what makes you happy, and fill your life with that. Remember that bad moments & sad times will PASS. they are temporary, everything changes. Try to enjoy each day as much as you can, & look at the bright side of things. . . smile. :-) u are loved. arent u?Some things in life are horrible and we can't do anything about it  For example, terrorists that are trying to ruin our beautiful country and take away our freedom.  That's why you need to think about the nice things that we have in our life.  For instance, your family, friends, freedom to go where you want to,etc.
im always hungrier under stress then not and i am a guyAn excuse to eatI think it's to make there husband upset when the woman they love is no longer attactive physicallythe same reason some guys do... when one is upset, or worried they get need confort... and food is usually good confort...No because (Miroku (Up (yes this is good spelling))) is near themI donno why...but i did when i upset! And i went shopping when i get stress!Like you said, not all women are like that. I, on the other hand, tend to starve myself when I'm upset. I've gone for days without eating anything.women may eat when they are upset because they want comfort.they may also eat to forget things. most women are likely to eat when they have the pms. girls are likely to eat more if they are not given adequate attention or when they have traumatic incidents in their past. they fill the gaps and spaces by eating or stuffing themselves too much...hope the info is helpful
social workers themselves have no say-so when it comes to making the social welfare policy formulation.. . The rules are made from higher up.  Like at the federal government level.If anybody was listening, the Social Workers would be in a prime position to identify crises conditions and intervention methods.
benefits= people take the workload off you. drawbacks= you lose total controldelegation!In a third world country this is not done as the fear of losing power threatens this benificial policy
Apathy means a lack of caring, boredom, disinterest.. Empathy means compassion, symathy, caring for another by actually feeling their feelings. To empathize is to take on the feelings of another, to coexperience their suffering.two completely different words... . apathy is not caring, think of eyore on winnie the pooh. If you are apathetic, it means you just don't give a damn.. . empathy is when you can relate to someones pain and feel sorry for them because you know how they feel, you've been there, similar to sympathy, but sympathy is feeling sorry for someone even if you don't relate to there problem or pain.I'm with Jesse on this one.apathy is lack of caring.. . empathy means that you feel feelings toward a situation that you have been in yourself.. . The antonym of "empathy" is sympathy.  Sympathy is feeling sorry for someone who is in a situation that you have never been in.There is actually quite a difference between apathy and empathy.. . Apathy is usually defined as an absence of emotion, feeling, or interest for something that others deem important.. . Empathy is a genuine understanding of another's feelings.  . . Perhaps you meant the difference between sympathy and empathy?  Where sympathy is a sharing of feelings.  For example, you feel sympathetic towards someone who might be going through a rough time, you share their feelings of sorrow.  But to feel empathy, you must have an understanding of what those feelings are like.  "You don't need to explain, I understand.". . Hope that helpedApathy is when you don't care about something, like the way most people are apathetic about the homeless when they pass by.  Apathy demonstrates that one is self-absorbed, and that they don't see beyond their own perspective.. . Empathy is the singlemost attractive human quality.  It is the ability to imagine that you are in someone else's shoes for a moment, and accept or care about their experiences.  You see beyone your own perspective.  It helps you to understand and relate to other people.  Empathy demonstrates sincerity.•Empathy: the ability to share in another’s emotion, thoughts or feelings..   "I see that you are concerned the interview didn’t go well.”. . •Apathy: lack of emotion or interest; unconcern or indifference.. .    “It is ridiculous to get so upset over this.”
No wonder you call yourself 'Chaos'. The type of economy does not necessarily reflect a particular style or form of government.  (Cuba is nominally marxist, yet has a lot of capitalistic activity adding to the economy).... Armenia has a largely capitalist economy.  (Which country doesn't in 2006?)  I don't think it has an independent govt does it? It is not an independent state...https://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/geos/am.html. . Government type:   . republicArmenia is a republic with an economy based around industry, tourism and communication technology among others.mixed economy. most economies are mixed (some government provision, some private provision). but america are one of the more public-orientated mixed economiesRepublic of Armenia has been independent country for the last 15 years. Their Economy system is very similar to United States. Their major export is diamonds, wine  and brandy.documentary i think
self conditioning means suiting yourself in a new enviroment or anywhere..when a person self-condicize himself or herself, he or she accepts the social norm and practices around the society..thus in the long term, the action causes a birth of new personality...it is affected seriously by society..Self conditioning means examining where you are, what are your plans; what are resources. By this day-dreaming is reduced and the person accepts the real situation and works accordingly and gets better results, which he can not get by blaming others.
Very far apart.  Rage is still fighting to survive.  Despair is giving up all hope.. . Best Wishes,. . SueDespair is hoplessness Rage is focus. They do not walk together, but have the potential to trigger the other into action.they are not close at all. Rage is uncontrolleble Anger. . Despair is exessive sadness ,worry or hopelessness
In the living............only the beat of our hearts is universally real. And as you say, the perception of an idea can be absorbed by one, or by the masses, but, this helps then serve to prove that the ability of perception, by all, is real...........In the living.  A higher ground, and an innate force that compels us all to the feeling of purpose, is real, and this purpose having no relevance to any theological understanding, by its own being, this purpose,just a higher ground, and this is our universal soul, collectively, which is real.If you can touch it, It's real. thats universal.Is this Matrix 3?Reality is whats real, but on what you decide what is real is your reality...that is universalVery excellent question. This world is called Maya or Illusion.  It is temporary and full of misery.  If one wants reality they have to ask someone who has seen the Absolute Truth.  We are eternal spirit souls.  We are not these bodies (race, color, nationality, religion,etc.)  But due to illusion we think we are these bodily designations.  If one wants to get out of illusion the easiest and quickest way is to chant the Maha Mantra or The Great Mantra For Deliverance. Deliverance from illusion, misery and suffering.  . Hare Krishna Hare Krishna Krishna Krishna Hare Hare Hare Rama Hare Rama Rama Rama Hare Hare  Say it loud enough to hear each syllable.  This is approved by great saints and spiritual masters.  got to http://www.stephen-knapp.com/chanting_hare_krishna.htm   for details and there are many e-books and other information on universal truths and reality.  Lets raise our consciousnesses and get out of this illusion.What's real is the information you seek out yourself.Everything we know someone has taught us .When you start resolving the answers to the questions we have our perception become universalDoes it matter?  If it is real then fine.  If it is not real, you still have to deal with it, and experience the consequences just as much as if it was real.  In either case your best bet is to minimize your suffering and maximize your more pleasant experiences, by doing the best of your ability in every situation.We will never know, whatever we believe is real will always be suspect.There is no such thing as real. I believe in God. To me GOD is real and to others he is not. there is just about an infinity line of reasons why UNIVERSALLY REAL cannot be explained. i dont think theres even such a thing is that i mean its even worst than saying there is no such thing as creativity.we will never know, people tell us to believe in this and that but honestly they dont even know. how do we know this isnt a dream.the world will never know. wait.....is the WORLD real?I read and think, but can't figure it out... Yes, human able to programmed, lot of things we, humanity happend on one way. The real thing clearly appears that most everyone can see, and perseption of reallity close to the advice...or one kind of experience. Sometime we can talk of that, like writing, noone could have perfect sentence. Sometime, reality is more difficult and abominable than the book could talk about.
Figuring out HOW was not the challenge, as it was nicely inherited from our ancestors.  Figuring out how NOT to reproduce took another fifty thousand or so years.I'm pretty sure that one was "instinct", like other animals.wasnt there, let me ask my motherReproduction is a natural instinct, Cave men didnt have to FIGURE OUT  anything, they just did what came natural just as any other animal doeswhat makes you think caveman particularly wanted to reproduce? They still wanted to have sex, just like everyone modern human and every mammal, reproduction is just the side effect of having sex (at least in an age before contraception). You might as well ask how chimpanzees figured out how to reproduce while your at it. Except we still had language and culture in that time period so the cave man probably figured out alot about sex and reproduction.they asked on yahooinstinctJust the same way they knew how to breath, eat, drink, sleep.... like any animal,,.. it was instinctual    :)It is an instinct.it is natural. it felt good and therefore they wanted to do it more. that is the whole reason they were there anyways. eat, sleep, have sex. it is the only reason life is here. life exists only for that one purpose... but some people don't seem to think so...INSTINCTYour question seems to derive from the belief of evolution/darwinsm. . . From the creationists point of view, it'd be due to the story of Adam & Eve eating the forbidden fruit from the tree of knowledge of good & evil. I wouldn't call it an instinct, but rather the knowledge was passed on into humans with that bite of the fruit.GOD created adam. adam was lonely so god creatred eve. eve was tempted to eat the fruit that GOD told her not to. ADAM AND EVE BOTH ATE THE FRUIT OF KNOWLEDGE. thats how they know they were naked. thats how they knew the sky was blue. thats how they knew how to reproduceThey didn't.  Just as children don't realize that having sex creates babies.  If they knew, they wouldn't participate in it.It is instinctiveCave women clued them in....I think it "came" naturally to them, if you catch my drift.They did not link intercourse with pregnancy or birth, but the act of intercourse itself is instinctual."Figure out"???. Give us a break!!!. Even if  - or especially if - you're an Evolutionist, reproduction is not something you 'figure out'!. Adam and Eve, the only two people, stay together.. One day they 'stick together'!. You 'figure it out' from there!!I'm rather certain that most prehistoric people figured out that sex makes women pregnant.  They could observe that female animals get pregnant soon after mating and start drawing comparisons with humans.  Or the old and wise among them could ponder how babies get inside of women and eventually they'd notice that only women who'd had sex had babies later.  Eventually, the facts would come out and enter the oral traditions of the cave people.  Mothers would start telling daughters who had got their first period that men can make them become pregnant now.  I don't think that the prehistoric people were as stupid as some answerers seem to think they were.The same way you learned how to pee in a toilet. They felt the urge.
I would do kinds of trauma in the family, then immediate repercussions of the trauma (s), then the far-reaching effects. I would possibly end with how interventions immediately after the trauma can negate the effects on family members as opposed to a situation where the only "fix" that occurs is just letting time pass, or, worse, going into a denial mode.Hi dear, . I believe I would start off as an out line form, you can go any where with an out line..right? (of course).  It's been a while for me........                                        Katherine Grace Bennett PH.D M.D.
This has been  studied quite  extensively, and it  seems  that  certain people  are, you might  call it.....  Adrenaline  Junkies.   They have some particular psychological quirk,  that compels  them constantly to challenge  their own personal abilities against the odds,  and the huge adrenaline rush  they get at the very peak of  the  action, whatever it happens to be,  gets to be  addictive.   Evel Knievel was a perfect  example of  this.   He  could not, himself,   even  explain  why  he  did what he did.  He would  say that he just   "had to"i ain't no psycho whatever you call it but i can tell you people and dangerous sport well they like the fun and excitement wouldn't youthey get rewarded, and... what's the word? positive reinforcement from women, magazines, movies, and of course, their own adreniline telling them that it's cool and macho. this causes them to keep doing it.The behaviourist would probably say they are responding to the sexual instinct. The stronger male usually gets the female!. The psychologist would say they feel good because serotonin is released into the body  so they continue with the sport.. Both types can become addicted to the serotonin and the adrenaline rush they recieve.. Like any thing that makes us feel good(mine is Chocolate) there are always some extremists.
Having dinner with my ex-boyfriend, his wife, my husband and our two kids.. . Not something I'd recommend.i don't know i just know that when i was in the pool my top came off and just the other day i dropped something at the mall and bent down to pick it up and rrrriiiiiiiiipWhen you go to a nudist camp and don't know what to do....Having a threesome with people you don't know.  All you do know is you don't want to stop, ever!I was teaching kids English in Mexico and was invited to the bar with the parents. Only moms showed up and turned it into a female's dirty joke festival. Some moms I couldn't look at the same way after thatAny situation with my husband's family.my b-friends mother was suddenly killed in a car crash after taking a nap at the wheel  and parking her 4runner in the back corner of a stopped semi doing 45...she was a salt-lake city mormon in phx az,the whole fam damily came to town...the wake was at our house,in attendence were the family,plus all four of the other woman my b-friend had been openly cheating on me with for the 2 months prior,away from as well as right in the comfort of our home a couple times.i was dooped into playing homemaker,therefore jobless,penniless,friendless and if i were to leave him,homeless and hungry.all 4 girls envied my position,as i sat as the #1 ranking 'favorite girlfriend'.homeless and hungry soon became a welcome light in my dark hellhole and i opted out soon after enduring2 mor visits from his girl-'friends' in the days immediatley following the wake.talk about humiliation!!self-imposed too!!!geez...duh!
There are no positive and negative aspects.  Kinked demand curve is a theory, not a fact.  It explains very well why prices in oligopolistic industries tend to be stable and why price decreases by one oligopolist are usually matched by others, while price increases are usually not.  It does not, however, explain how an industry becomes an oligopoly...Sell as much as you can as cheaply as you can for as long as you can. Grab an extra slice of the market whilst you can, and then do your best to hold it, whilst the competition are still working out what to do. The revenue lost in this`plan` will be made up by a price rise when delivering the next consignment of goods. This rise will have also applied to the competition, so even if they follow through the rise, they will still have lost out in terms of total sales and profit.Positive aspect -- the company with the lower price will probably sell more -- negative  aspect it can create a monopoly by one company being able to afford to take a loss on a product for a longer amount of time. If I understand this right. Beneath is some info on found on the concept of the Kinked Demand curve.. . The Kinked Demand Curve. . In an oligopolistic setting, firms have two possible strategies in response to any price change by their rivals--they may either match the price change or they may ignore it. Let P = f(Q) be the demand curve corresponding to a "match-price strategy" and P = g(Q) be the demand curve corresponding to an "ignore-price strategy." Both demand curves are downward sloping, however f(Q) is steeper than g(Q): f ’(Q) > g’(Q). (P = f(Q) is shown by demand curve "D1" in your text while P = g(Q) is shown by demand curve "D2.") The "kinked" demand curve model assumes a combined strategy by firms in an oligopoly: match a price decrease but ignore a price increase by one’s rivals. If all firms follow such a strategy, then the demand curve facing each firm will have a "kink" in it at the going price. That is, demand is given by P = f(Q) for prices below the going price, by P = g(Q) for prices above the going price.. . The firm’s revenue after a price decrease is R1(Q1) = Qf(Q1) and marginal revenue is R1’(Q1) = f(Q1) + Q1f ’(Q1) = P(1 - 1/E1) where E1 is the elasticity of demand along the demand curve P = f(Q) at Q1. (This correspondence between marginal revenue and the elasticity of demand was illustrated in the previous math note.) However, the firm’s revenue after a price increase is R2(Q2) = Q2g(Q2) and marginal revenue is R2’(Q2) = g(Q2) + Q2g’(Q2) = P(1 - 1/E2) where E2 is the elasticity of demand along the demand curve P = g(Q) at Q2. At the going price, Q1 = Q2 and E1 < E2. Substituting these relationships into the corresponding relationships for marginal revenue, it is clear that MR1 = P(1 - 1/E1) < P(1 - 1/E2) = MR2. That is, the firm’s marginal revenue for a price decrease is less than the marginal revenue for a price increase; the marginal revenue function must have a "gap" at the going price.Positive: Stack it high sell it cheap.. The main aim is to maintain market share.. . An oligopolist faces a downward sloping demand curve but the elasticity may depend on the reaction of rivals to changes in price and output. Assuming that firms are attempting to maintain a high level of profits and their market share it may be the case that:. (a) rivals will not follow a price increase by one firm - therefore demand will be relatively elastic and a rise in price would lead to a fall in the total revenue of the firm. (b) rivals are more likely to match a price fall by one firm to avoid a loss of market share. If this happens demand will be more inelastic and a fall in price will also lead to a fall in total revenue.
Sucks yes, but it's true. Unfortuately we're living in a country were there's a "good enough" attitude that never strives for perfection.  By the way, I'm not claiming to be perfect in that way myself.  At the same time, I'm not suggesting it either.Yahoo answers was created for entertainment purposes only. If you intend to use the information on these pages to run your psychological life you my friend are in deep trouble. For all you know I am emailing you from the padded walls of my state run mental hospital. Which may be a more stable place than some of these bedrooms the people are writing from.Suree.. Psychiatry rocks.
Because it is very relaxing. Listening to the heartbeat and feeling the warmth and closeness is reassuring.  (Also the man usually has to put his arm around you when you do this.) You know, the same way you guys fake yawning and stretching to get your arms around your girl. Cuddling and snuggling are just plain nice.Prefer to just lay my head on his arm. It's more conferable. I can't sleep with my "pillow" moving up and down, making strange noises, and going thump thump in my ear all night. His arm is quit, doesn't move, and there are no strange noises.people do this?really?i thought it was a soap opera pose !!!! i find this annoying and uncomfortable.by doing so we feel protection and peacei can't stand doing this while sleeping, but it is comfy when we are laying together watching tv or cuddling. it is like a really long hug. it feels good to be held close by my husband.Maybe not on his chest, but under his arm.  It is very comforting and relaxing.  I find it a natural thing to do.  It fosters closeness and tenderness.Yes.  It's part of the "male protector" thing.well, I don't! I like my space, I'm kinda clausterphobic.  Also, my neck and back would start to hurt after a while.Which women? I would find this extremely uncomfortable.definitely the protector thing, though it goes for both women and men....i cuddle against my boyfriend's chest and vice versaIts definitely a social meme. (I feministically say, If it is innate then we have a problem.)
Best way I know is what my mum taught me - go and look in a mirror. If you can accept the person that you see - flaws and all - it doesn't matter what anyone else thinks of you. . The only stupid things are the bullies (I went through it as a kid myself). If you can start believing again that you are a great person, then you will meet people who feel the same way about you. So what if you're not like them - your uniqueness is what makes you you. Besides, it seems you've come to the right place for a confidence boost. . Hope this helps.. . Wlooks like i've finaly got a friend, i taught i was the only one, but anyway i've overcome it so this is how i did it.. . well anytime i feel that people are slagging me off i don't make them see that it hurts i make sure to press the matter so loud that my views would be heard after all who cares. Dear don't underestimate you self in anything, be of your self and don't mind what people will say about you, you are unique and special you have sometlhing they don't, so don't get worry whey they slag you, just go on with what you wanted to say, even if you have to shout.First of all, don't worry about what others think.  Love yourself for who you are.  Thank God for who he made you to be - your looks, your ethnicity, your intellect, your family, your abilities - He planned it all!  This will help to boost your confidence a lot.  Also, make sure that you are coming across as kind to others & not full of yourself.  This can sometimes turn other people off.  I hope that things get better for you.  Remember not to worry too much about other people's opinions.Bullies are usually cowards, they pick on others to hide their own insecurities. Believe in yourself and don't let anyone else put you down, it doesn't matter if you don't answer their taunts, at the end of the day, by not allowing them to get to you, they're only showing themselves up.Never doubt yourself for a start! Anyway, who are these people who treat you like this and why? I have been bullied myself and I know how it feels like. People who behave like this are usually not even worth to be talked about. If I feel contempt for sb I don't even notice them; I don't keep paying attention to them, by intimidating them. Maybe you don't give these people the attention they seek and as a way to pay you back they've spread a rumour about you that is obviously nasty but not true. Most people don't like those who stand out and they tend to praise and acknowledge the insignificant ones simply because this way they feel better about themselves. In my life I've learnt that the more worthy you are the more likely to be attacked. So, heads up and don't mind these morons! Take care! XXXyou could try the assertiveness and confidence hypnosis Cd's. listen to them in your sleep, or simply be yourself whether others like it or not as long as you are happy with yourself what doe sit matter what other people think.. they can all go forth and multiply with themselves.Hang around with someone who is assertive.  Study them and how they talk to ppl.  Pretty soon you'll pick up on it and be as bad a-- as they are!it is all in the attitude...  just because ppl "slag" ou off does not mean that you are stupid, it means that they are stupid so with that in mind kill all with kindess and keep moving with your life!! Look in the mirror to practice facial and body expresions. Good Lucknearly everyones been bullied. i had a fight with my bully , at 13, i lost, absysmally, BUT he never even double looked me after thatget older speak upJust feel free to express your self. I know it sounds easy but i guess not easy for you to do, just think positive and think that you are unique and if they can do better you can do best... well i think its also more on the environment you are in... but just be you and be real, sooner or later people around you will recognised how good a person you are.
What's your problem, you should always take pride in all that you do - there's nothing wrong with that.Great question, and something I grappled with very heavily. Here's what I found, pride that is ego related is an effort to achieve recognition and combat feelings of inadequacy or the sense that one is not important to others. It is self-protective. . . Pride that is ego-based is the kind that trips us up. For this, my solution has been to work to own my feelings and actions so compltely (take full responsibility) that I am not defensive when there's a problem or when a flaw has been exposed. . . Rather, I can be calm, accepting and decide whether what has been pointed out realy applies to me. It also keeps me from reacting to others in an offensive or defensive way. In my experience  humility goes a long way to prevent humiliation. . . I hope that helps.Be thankful for the things that you have.  What I do is make a list of everything I'm thankful for in life, concentrate on others and their feelings and do everything out of love and not self-interest. Always put God first.Not an easy solution but humility is probably the only way. Look at it like this- if you are truly brilliant,fantastic and wonderful what's the point of carrying on?. One of my heroes is the 7 times formula world champion Michael Schumacher;many people confused his confidence with arrogance but the bottom line is every lap of a racing circuit that he completed was never good enough, he managed to be so self critical that he always saw room for improvement, even if he drove a lap faster than anyone in history it just meant there was a higher benchmark for him to beat next time;he pushed the envelope,hope you can push yours.Every time you feel your head swelling start chanting this phrase: There are people you are better than me.  You need to get past the fact that. it isn't about you. Then do some volunteer work. for some charity and see people who are worse off than you and making do with what they have. That should be humbling enough for you.Humility...get THAT before you find yourself humiliated.
I am the same way, unfortunately its not something I am proud of. People like us use the stress as a motivator and rarely react until its to late or last minute.. . My advice, use a calendar it sounds old fashioned and corny but use a calendar. Write things down and take notes. If you budget your time correctly, you can get more things done, increase your grade, and also have a lot more time for other things.20 bucks says you typed this up while you should be doing homework or other importand things. I'm going to leave to you a very important quote, that i hope you bring you to enlightenment.. . Procrastination is like masturbation: at first it sounds like a good idea but in the end your only screwing yourself.Having problems with distraction, organization and procrastination are all VERY COMMON signs of attention-deficit disorder (ADD), especially when you have all three of those problems together.. . And before people start criticizing me that I shouldn't slap a "label" so easily on someone, let me just say that I've struggled with the above three problems my whole life, and I tried so many different ways to deal with them, I won't EVEN bore you with everything I tried. But nothing really changed or helped much. Ultimately, I saw a psychologist who gave me a very in-depth self-evaluation survey to fill out and return to him. Based on its results, and ALSO based on his getting to know me as a person and hearing how I described my problems, he diagnosed me with ADD. . . When this happened, it was like 34 years of weight had been lifted from my shoulders! It all made sense. :) And I could finally stop criticizing myself for being lame, absent-minded, messy, procrastinating, etc. Of course, being an ADD person doesn't mean it's okay for me to "give in" to my tendencies. It just allows me to know I'm not simply crazy or lazy (hey, that rhymes!) I have a disorder that I am actively treating with counseling, meditation and medication. And I'm improving, finally! :). . I guess the point of my ramblings is that you might greatly benefit from knowing whether you have ADD. And if you do, you'll benefit even more from pro-actively addressing it and the ways it's harming your productivity and self-esteem. You can find some ADD self-tests on the Internet for starters, but it'd be best to talk with a psychologist (or a psychiatrist, since psychologists cannot prescribe meds).go to the library where there is nothing else to dowat u need is motivation. just think how good youll feel going to all those sites without worrying about homework, because its already done!!!do you still have homework to do?start by getting off yahoo! answers.  but honestly, i do the exact same thing.  try to do homework with as little internet contact as possible, and don't let yourself venture to other sites.If you are interested in things other than homework this is natural. When you will REALLY fell that homework is the first priority, nothing can distract you.Do hw in a different room.  An empty room with nothing interesting to look at.  it works for merealize you ony hurt yourself and the sooner you get your work done and out of the way....you actually have more free time available than you do if you wait till the last minute to get the work done.
Depreciate means to fall in value. For example, if you were to buy a brand new car as soon as you drove it off the forecourt, it would slightly depreciate in value.. . Over years as I am sure you are aware, it would continue to depreciate in value.I got an example, a car. . A car generally depreciates in value about 20percent a year, its value goes down by a fifth every year.  When you want to sell a car that cost a hundred bucks after a year of use, you can expect to sell it for about eighty bucks.  This is because of wear and tare on the machine, plus chemical and metal stress on the general fram and parts.To add to the above, "depreciation" is used in another related sense in accounting.  When a business is doing it's finances, "depreciation" counts as a business expense each accounting period. In other words, you might say ABC company experienced $1 million of depreciation this quarter. This is not an actual cash expenditure, it is a means of allocating the cost of equipment that a company buys over time. . . Say a company buys a machine for $100,000. It does not subtract the whole amount from its reported earnings that year. (The rules of accounting don't want to encourage business to not invest in their operations after all.) Instead, it might subtract $10,000 a year, for 10 years, to account for the cost of the machine. This is related to physical depreciation, because you'd expect that machine to have a useful life of just 10 years operation before it wears out and must be replaced.DEPRECIATION.IS WHEN THE VALUE OF SOMETHING DROPS. FOR INSTANCE WHEN YOU BUY A BRAND NEW CAR,THE PRICE DROPS AS SOON AS YOU DRIVE IT OUT THE SHOWROOM'S. AND IF YOU WEAR A NEW COAT,AND THEN SELL IT THE PRICE DROPS AS IT IS USED GOOD'S.
I understand your feelings and I still go through it sometimes.  After 4 years of trying not to love someone, I finally just accepted that I always will love him, but I was still able to move on; it just took a lot of time.  . Trying not to love someone can hurt and be a lot harder because you are telling yourself not to love someone that you are truly in love with.  Maybe try accepting your love for her and know that you will always love her.  It takes a lot more energy and time to try and not think of someone and forget them.. Plus, it's our human nature to think of something even more once we are told not to. . It is good that you really want to move on, but go about it by letting yourself love her.  Over time, your strong feelings will fade and you'll move on, but there will always be love for her.  I think the wound is still fresh.  Everyone recovers on their own time so 2 years is not so long for you. . I think you'll find that you are more free once you let yourself love her in your mind, but you still keep your distance and give yourself a chance to mourn and get over her.  Getting over her doesn't mean you have to hate her or have no feelings for her.  Don't be so hard on yourself.  Just give yourself a break from trying so hard and this might make it easier for you.First mistake....You have not seen her in two years...yet you claim to love her....what if there are changes in her you are not aware of...you may be in love with an ideal about her.Love yourself first by allowing yourself to "be".You don't "owe" this individual ...Balance the relationship by shifting priorities to yourself.Life is good.Millions of other women are just as loving...Lighten up and Live!!!!do other thing to avoid her or to make you forget plan about different things and do them all sooner or later youll forget and find a new oneu can help ur feelings.. if u cant get some1 out of ur head then maybe there suppose to be there. if u ahve her # then call her up and tell her how  feel..tell her everything that u wrote down in ur story.it will prolly make her heat melt! if u dont have her # then i guess u move on cuz there is kno way u  can get ahold of her and most likely she has someone else..good luck!The swahili say, the cure for fire is fire. Look for her, and spend some time together, only then will you realise she is not the only frog in the pond, and she is not as great as you had thoughtAll i would say is its all of no use...its basically what you feel you can never reach out to anybody with that..... no one really understands you know never even people who say that ..."hey this is my gf/bf and i can bet you that this person really knows how much i love him/her....no they are all liars...because no one really understands and feels what you can and only you can feel within....so please ....now about forgeting its something you never really can because we have a brain and we have memories....its bound to be there...all you can do is get him out of your head!!!!. and you can only do it this way...... as the code words goes........ . Fill it!!!!  Shut it!!!!! n Forget it!!! . . believe me this really helps you know and its only you who has to get your mind diverted from her......do anything do anything possible but tell yourself huh who is that!!! and concentrate on something  else that you like!!!! it really will go..... . Its really on to you dear if at all you want to keep her or throw her!!!Its very shocking to know that since two years u r not able to forget ur gf. But to start off with try and engage urself in other activities that u enjoy. May be ur hobbies. And also u say that u have had different relationships but u r not  able to forget her. First of all stop finding her qualities and seeing her in all ur other relations. Deal with them as they are. Try to explore their good and bad traits rather than linking everyone with ur x. Reach out to people and make new friends rather than girlfriends. Take help from ur friends and involve them in ur daily chores. Enjoy every bit and every second of ur life for urself. U've had enough for her and two years are too much. BEST OF LUCK for ur new plans and keep in mind that whatever happens, happens for the good. I've experienced it! Bye. Take care.I don't think there is a way... not really at least.. . I feel your pain.. . My first gf nearly killed me and ripped my heart out for years afterward. It is funny really, 10 years later + and I still get a little pang when I think of her.. . That is the bad news, the good news is that it does get easier and if you have enough love in your heart to feel that strongly for someone else then it is honestly a matter of time before someone else comes along who makes you feel that way again, probably even better.. . My gf now (we have been together nearly 5 years and are getting married in the Summer) is the most wonderful person I have ever known and if you would have asked me years ago I would never have believed it to be possible. The difference between her and my 1st is that I truly appreciate having someone to love who really loves me back. Before my heartache I do not think I really could have had the same appreciation for what I have now.. . Love sometimes sucks, but sometimes it is all we have and while now things look bleak it will get better. I know it is cold-comfort at best but you just have to try to move on and realize that there is someone out there who will treat you right and give you what you need.... . I promise :)Aloha from Down Unda!. We should never stop loving someone.  Just because we love someone, we don't need to be consumed or impeeded by that love.  Instead of dwelling on the current absence of that person, focus on the treasure of having had that opportunity, to have enjoyed that relationship in the past & recognize the ability to find an even more significant relationship in the future.  And if we die before a more significant relationship develops, & we're living a clean & meaningful life, just think how much better a heavenly reunion will eventuate!  . The key to all happiness is our own mindset.  We can live as miserable as we can imagine or as happy as we can imagine.  It's all in our head!  Don't forget the name, remember it with gusto!  They were important in our life & should always be loved & treasured & with billions of potential new names for us to call out, we should be glad we have the capacity to remember the names & to continue to love.  . On a more conventional note, Paul Simons "50 Ways" (To Leave Your Lover).... "Just drop off the key, Lee, . & git yersef free..."  ;-). K-den, M1/NSWMoke aka mikewonaus
it could be a numerous things. one that maybe if he try to cheer her up it may not help her; two he may feel comfortable with u. guys have a sensitive side and theres a certain female that they can do anything for because ur femalish ways can relate to his sensitve ways; or maybe he likes u a lot more than u think. u ask him WHYHe's trying to keep you on the side in case he's g/f don't work out.... get a clue...Sounds like a bump in the relationship, and the gf probably started whatever's going on between them.  Your friend probably doesn't want to talk to her because he knows she doesn't want to talk to him.I think the answer is fairly obvious.  He is either having problems with his girl or really likes you or both.
Others. We feel embarrased coz there are others watching us. If there are not, we won't.being scared of judgement by others and humiliated by their own actions. so my final answer is: fear?.So if you know the answer, why are you asking?
These are self centered people that are only interested in things that pertain to them directly at the present time.. . The problem is that eventually the things you ignored such are politics, finance, self development and money , get to pertain to you directly at another time and then it is too late to deal with it.The simple answers are; They don't understand them and are too lazy to change this. They are frightened by them and wish to remain ignorant. They have made a concious decision to ignore them in the hope they will go away. They are just like 99% of the world and stupid.The answer may lie in the experience of the individual.. . Those with more experience can more easily see the connections between world, national, and local events.  It's a matter of having perspective.. . Of course, simple age will take care of this little problem for many of us, but not all!  . . There will always be a certain percentage of us who actually think the assorted sleeping arrangements of Hollywood stars have significance.Because they feel as if they have NO part in changing things one way or the other..  When your input doesn't matter-ya gotta just live with it and thus your interest wanes on the subject!I agree and I think it's so because these are world issues that affects the enitre world and not particularly to the individual, atleast in the short-term. People are more concerned abt their private issues rather than world issues and there are people in power to take care of plitics and stuff like that. We hear world issues everyday, so they become common and tend to focus on our life.
Get a positive mental attitude. ontop of that, view nothing as failure, just a level of success.Do you know what is the meaning of successful in the life..it is your duty to work hard,rest leave it god because he is the only person who knows whether you are successful or not.sometimes we feel that we have done our best but still we have not got the result in that situation you have  to keep patience and keep on doing the work with new ideas and involve your friends in it.Because you think you are not.  The person who thinks he can -CAN, and the person who thinks he cannot, CANNOT.  Change your frame of mind and keep believing you can , no matter what the outcome.  Eventually you will notice that , success comes your way easily after sometime.  What the mind can conceive, the body can achieve, as long as you don't give up and just keep trying.lack of concentration,commitmentsimple..ur question says it all.. u need to stop doubting urself... dnt ask questions abt ur self..if  u dnt believe in urself..y shuld anyone else.Your question is not sufficient for someone to give you a good answer.  You need to tell us what your definition of success is.  It is drastically different for many people.  Add some details to your question for better answers my friend.There are different measure of success. wealth, popularity, family relationships, career, academic, personal happiness etc. Most of these are a mind set. If you want to be financially sucessful you need to make sacrifices and save and invest money and think like a rich person (don't waste). All of them require some sacrifice on your part , usually time.Explain your situation: how old are you, have you graduated high school, have you graduated university or college, do you have a job, do you have a house or an apartment, to you have a husband/wife or girlfriend/boyfriend, do you have children, do you have family, do you have friends......Because either your expectations are too high, your definition of success is wrong or God is holding you back for some reason.  No one knows the answer.  You have to seek it out.  Personally, I'll be it's the first one.At an early age i developed ataste for heroin. Im 35 and spent more than 7 years in prison for various petty crimes iwent to college and got a welding cert. and that did little to no good with a record so you develop a small habit again in defeat. Man i just cant catch a break.it is very simple that any body find success in his life or not all these thing depending on his capability and capacity. If u think u have power to achive the goal u suggested in ur life & do each & every thing with +ve mind only then u get ur destination. . But my friend if & only if u work hard.only then u get all u think to be achiveable. if u not get success even u work hard , don't get upset my friend failur is also a success in his own style.That give u more knowledge about ur field as well as ur next step in life.u think wrong about urself.think positive.thrust urself then c how it works.just set a goal n then tell urself that u can achieve it n then c you will b success in it but don't loose your hope before u achieve it . don't loose your hope by saying that u r not successfull in your life.1 or other day you will be success.
Look at your school exam results and count how many friends you have.  That should give you an idea.People normally measure that against their own intelligence and personality, and preference.  If you meet someone who knows things you don't know, you find that person intelligent.  If the person seem to have things in common as you, and you like and agree with the way how he/she behaves, then you would think that the person is nice.  That's how it's measured most of the time. Also, if there is someone who is said to be nice and intelligent by someone has power or fame, then many people tend to agree with it.  In this case, it is measured against intelligence, personality and preference of someone who you like.we can measure intelligence and personality by actions of that thing.by how many friends you haveHonestly, I do not think there is a completely satisfactory measure. At least I haven't found any in any of my course work (now on Master's degree #2). If very bright, or very dim, IQ tests won't measure, nor will it measure if the person does not have a good command of language or math.. Personality and similar tests can be manipulated as well. If they were so accurate clinical workers would not conduct "diagnostic interviews" in an attempt to fully assess clients (patients). . I hope this helps clarify--to think any test is fully reliable and accurate is either very naive or plain fool hearty, if not completely daft!with a RULERstudies have been done to that effect   I don't trust em but that's meMaybe with scenerios of different environments ( like a training field of different areas for example) and seeing how a given number of people can cope, deal wisely with given situations or environments or get through the trials of it.They have IQ tests for that, and what they call an EQ test which is a personality test. But I know they are all flawed. I know im damn cleva, but being blonde doesnt help :-)The Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAIS) is a standardized test normed for yielding an intelligence quotient.. . Personality is evaluated with the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) primarily utalizedfor diagnosis.you can measure with test or you can see what a person has in life and what they did with itby answering as many questions you can on yahoo answers and helping people solve life's little problems.....There are a lot of standardised test you can use to measure your intellegence and personality. There are many things you can choose if you just go to your guidance counselor's office. You can ask a PSYCHOMETRICIAN, like me, to let you measure your intellegence and personality. he/she can help you with this using tests.... example of these are: 16PF, DAP, OLSAT, CSAT, SCF, and others. You can have it too in the internet. Just search for "psychological tests" and you can have your IQ be tested for free.... it is still the same concept and interpretation we use in the "hands-on" testing. Good luck!!!there are IQ tests and personality questions.. . the personality test measures whether you are a passive or aggressive person, if you are a leader or a supervisor etc..impossible, It seems intelligence needs to be split, cause I've met lots of thick teachers in my time but they were all academicsYou can measure "ability" because it is always discussed in a particular context, for example someones ability to perform mental arithmetic is fairly easy to determine. . . IQ tests attempt to measure broad based abilities across a range of areas that psychologists have decided represent the key human mental faculties. So, for example, an IQ test might have a section to determine your Visual-Spatial ability i.e. your ability to manipulate shapes in your mind. . . There are two immediately apparent problems, firstly are all human abilities recognised and secondly should they all have the same weighting (importance if you will). . . At this point you must ask the question why are we testing? the reasons are numerous but generally we are seeking a test that agrees with our overall consensus of opinion. So we want the test to say that a well respected scientist or statesman is intelligent, and we want it to tell us that someone who we all think is stupid has a low IQ. Why we want this is another matter!. . The trouble is its so hard to measure intellect in normal life. If you have great abilities in many areas but no ability to communicate you will be considered of low intellect. Similarly if you are great at social interaction but actually very poor in many other areas you will appear smart. A good memory is an excellent example, being able to relay huge amounts of trivial data will make you appear much smarter than someone with a poor memory who may have enormous mental faculties for analysing and creating. . . This is why IQ tests are so important for employers. The story is that many years ago experts were studying a large US company that had collapsed over a fairly short time scale. The final analysis revealed that the employment of just one executive director, who performed far worse than expected, had brought down the whole business. This is where the need for the "science" of Phychometirc testing came from in an effort to replace old notions of IQ with new ones of personality tests.. . Do they work, the jury is still out on that one, but there are still a lot of the wrong people in the wrong places.IQ is a bit subjective, but I'd say personality is super-subjective. Someone who'd score high for working in a supermarket might be terrible as a tax inspector. You could get their closest 20 friends to rate them out of 10? But then the Kray twins might get full marks, if you see what I mean.take an IQ test
Experience and knowledge do not weaken our aggressive instincts and natural fears.  It is actually the other way around.  Our aggressive instincts and natural fears are increased by a lack of experience and knowledge.. . You cannot go against natural instinct, it is inherent.  Fight or Flight instincts are built into every living thing.  They don't go away, but can become magnified through the lack of experience or knowledge.Usually aggression and fear are based on ignorance, such as killing a harmless garter snake because you're afraid of it. If you could rationalize the snake is harmless and that you won't likely see it again (its instinct is to avoid you and its encounter with you was most likely accidental as well as coincidental) then you would recognize the fear as irrational and probably be more apt to let it go on its way. Such fears of animals are often the result of influence by peers and not based on knowledge of their actual habits and capabilities. . . Likewise, physical violence between people is usually caused by a lack of conflict-solving strategies. People who solve conflict with physical fighting often do not possess the language and vocabulary skills to work out differences through words. They may also lack the ability to reason that different viewpoints can coexist, or the will power to allow such differences to coexist (i.e. pride). Again, knowledge of many things and how they all fit into the big picture allows for better rationalization skills and it allows one to see how being violent will usually bring about more problems than it will solve.
You have calcium deficiency. Immediately buy calcium tablets... Tab Calcium Sandose for women... chew them like slate pencil... you would stop eating slate pencil.... . I think slate pencil may not be seriously harmful nor are they good…eating slate pencils is really harmful for your body. it'll result is kidney stone. i don't know how you can stop eating it but you probably consult a doctor...Don't buy them.Try pens, they're much tastier !Hi, Kitty.  Your stomach is a precious organ meant to receive smooth and healthy food for upkeeping your beautiful body and mind.  You don't have any right to harm such a god-given gift by eating slate pencils that may cause severe diseases in the digestive system of your body.  Slate pencils are not meant for eating, you know well.  But your mind is so weak that you are not in a position to resist that temptation.  Please stop this nasty habit.  You can win this unpleasant battle only if you determine to keep yourself away from such an unhealthy temptation.  Good luck!Think positively you can stop this.  Daily morning you tell yourself "I can stop eating slate pencil".  If it is not possible hand this over the God, He will change the circumstances to motivate you to stop that.  Sometimes He may have to use force to stop that.(because you handed it over to Him)I eat food.instead of eating slate pencils try ur self to change to eat good food by practising dailyU are suffering from calcium . deficiency, go and get some. calci tablets, take it regularlyDip them in sourEat some glitter, glue, and watercolor paints. Then you can crap yourself some cool kindergarten pictures!
There are many younger people who have the wisdom not to make the mistakes in the first place and they listen to their seniors - it's possible, but not a norm.  Young people have lots of energy and have strong desires to explore - sometimes the desire for exploration will outweigh all other considerations, since they don't think the consequences are strong enough to detract away from exploration.  They think their energy and youth will be strong enough to easily explore all choices, but some find out that's not true.i dont know about denying the truth about them self, not all are the same, i think you speaking of experience
Think of it this way.  How much would your personal budget be affected if you could not control your spending?  When the government spends more money than is available in the budget, it affects all of us.  To tighten the budget and to attempt to pay off the excess, the government is known to cut services for the elderly and disabled as well as close things, like libraries and schools.We don't have enough money for general issues. road repairs, our armies, ammenities, etc...no money...no goods or services. they will need to increase taxes, cut goods and services and limit government loans. etc..The main effect (ignoring trade deficits) is that it drives up interest rates...When the government runs at a deficit and has to borrow to cover their expenses, they issue bonds.  These bonds, which are considered very safe, compete with other borrowers for the lender's money.
U tell her frequently the power that is locked in her and the things she can do if only she wills to. U tell her frequently that she is very talented and very good and should learn to trust her abilities and attitude.  :-)try to know her problem why is she not able to trust may be she got betrayed by some one whom she trusted and so she feel it insecure to trust again dont worry try to make her feel open with u ask her to explain herself dont try to put pressure on her as to why she is not ready to trust upon u . on net it is not easy to know what people think about u so be good and keep talking to her someday she will let u know everything
Social Action Theory  1) Traditional action,  2) Instrumental action of the goal itself. 3) Value rationality  4) Affectual action . They are an 'ideal' types' and exaggerated so that they can measure features of society for their simmilarities and differences against the model.My wife can, but personally I think sociology is shitMax Weber wrote about 3 type of legitimate rule (dominition). It's very interesting theory. He wrote about bureaucrats ruling, ruling founded on the traditions of society, and of course the third type found on the ruling of charismatic personality. Many scientists think that he created the foundation for fascists or Nazi in 1930s in Germany.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_actions. . Here you go....
i have difficulty expressing all emotions which i have a  habit of turning into anger.everything becomes anger.Love. Commitment.love, cause it's scary to really put your heart out there for someone to potentially stomp on - it makes me feel completely vulnerable (BTW, i'm a control freak).Rage.  That's when I cry.I don't have difficulty expressing my emotions.  I do have trouble holding them back.Love is a hard one for me.passion / trustempathy, I don't know why. But when people tell me tragic things in their lives regardless if I can relate to that situation or not, I still have trouble trying to cheer them up or be sympathetic for them. I am a very scientific person and my view on tragedy is "sh!t happens"It depends to whom. I can tell everything to my wife, but in case of my original family I don't even want to show I'm happy.Happiness.  It's much easier for me to express depression or sadness.  When I feel very happy, there's something in the back of my mind telling me that it won't last.Love and intimacyAnger.. . I remember when i was little, my play mates never took me seriously, even when i would get upset. Then i started rehearsing in front of the mirror, different types of frowns, but in the end i would just pucker my lips to show anger. It worked.Need. I have a hard time asking for anyone for anything.Gratitude, and pretty much anything that is not hate/anger and sadness. I am a very emotionless person on the outside. Inside, I am usually feeling one way or the other.. just not smiling and laughing or thanking and appreciating in ways people recognize.
You can change your attitude just by resolving to do so. If you really believe that you need to make changes in your attitude, the first thing is to know what you are doing wrong, and start right from today, from this very moment to do things differently. You have to practice a lot your new tactics for doing things differently, but what you cant do is say "I'm gonna start my changes tomorrow, or next week" 'cause then you'll never do it.Great question!  . . Your attitude is a direct result of where you put your attention. If you want to change your attitude, move your attention. It is summed up in an old poem I remember from a place mat in a coffee shop: . . As you ramble on through life brother. Whatever be your goal,. Keep your eye upon the donut . And not upon the hole.. . One final suggestion: Even better to keep your eye upon the Whole!How about putting yourself in someone "shoes" besides your own.
Prejudice is an unfavorable opinion or feeling formed beforehand or without knowledge, thought, or reason. That's the first definition in the websters dictionary. As far as reducing prejudice behavior, I feel it must be done when children are raised. Children are not born prejudice it is a characteristic that a parent instills in that child. If people are educated and not ignorant we can try to reduce prejudice behavior. But that's like trying for world peace. There will always be ignorant people in this world.Prejudice is a preconceived, uninformed, and often unfair notion about a group of people.  It's easier to counteract it if you teach people about diversity at a young enough age.Prejudice is defined as an opinion or judgement, frequently unfavourable, based on irrelevant considerations, inadequate knowledge or inaccurate stereotyping.. . Examples are as most people surely know.. When I go to Washington, D.C... to a restaurant, or whaterver, I hear black people talk bad about white people and how they would like to kill every white person. This is prejudice in its worst kind. I do not see any way to stop it as long as our society continues to allow the racist radicals as Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, Louis Farakkhan, and many others who are horribly racist and hold predjudices against whitesWell riding prejudice is a self realization of people. Only if human kind in their desperate ways can be its own and only solution.prejudice is judging people before you really know them,mostly in a bad way,the word prejudice reminds me of the novel " pride and prejudice" Elizabeth judged that Mr. Darcy is arrogant without getting to know him for example.. how to measure it?you watch yourself and see,do you make cruel judgments about  people you see for the first time??if so,change the way you think by concentrating on something nice about them.find the positive thing,it may take an effort but it's much better.. . God Bless You :)
Hmmm I'm not really understanding you. The grammar is somewhat challenging. Do you mean , how can gossip hurt you? The best way I could explain it is by the children's game called 'Telephone'. A group of children are sitting in a circle. The rules of the game are to whisper the phrase to child sitting to their left. The last child reveals out loud what the phrase is. Soooo, let's say the teacher whispers to child #1 "Johnny makes me happy."  At the end the last child says out loud, "Johnny makes me so mad when he is bad.". . Now you may think, where the heck did that come from? People have poor listening skills sometimes, some are trouble makers, some are just down right ignorant.  The rule of thumb is to say it to the person directly and if you have a strong desire to say anything about a person , make sure it's short and sweet.PLEASE LOOK AT YOUR QUESTION AND RE ASK IT SO AS PEOPLE CAN UNDERSTAND WHAT IT IS THAT YOU ARE ASKING. BUT GOSSIP CAN HINDER YOUR QUALITY OF LIFE BECAUSE IT CAN MAKE KNOWN TO PEOPLE THING THAT ARE NOT TRUE OR THINGS THAT YOU JUST DIDN'T WANT KNOWN.I'm sorry I don't know what hender is.
the nature of economics is fulfilment of one needs in exchange of others' needs.. . it's a basic demand and supply matter.Nature is unpredictable. Economic outcomes are unpredictable. . Therefore .............The nature of economics is such that your money always runs out long before the month does.  It is things like unlimited demand chasing limited services, and snotty, arrogant, spoiled 8-yr olds with no income and no appreciation for value waving fistfuls of 100 dollar bills given to them by their rich parents just to get them out of the house.
i'm not sure what you mean.they both existThey exist, therefore they are...:A chiefly 20th century philosophical movement embracing diverse doctrines but centering on analysis of individual existence in an unfathomable universe and the plight of the individual who must assume ultimate responsibility for his acts of free will without any certain knowledge of what is right or wrong or good or bad.. . Sorry my answer is gobbledegook, but then so is your question..  !!
For those who are ready, no explanation is necessary and for those who are not, no explanation is possible! http://www.psychic-junkie.comTo fill a void.I guess I would have to say because they want to feel useful, for their esteem and the feeling that they might truly somehow help people in their own way.  . . I'm pretty good at seeing both sides and I really think this lady might think because water is used in therapy situations, water relaxes and feels good, that maybe she can use it in some fashion to help people relax.. . Not only that some people will try anything, they might be the dare devils or the people who are ill and looking for anything to help them.  Plus remember it can be mind over matter, if they think it can help them, maybe they can feel better.Well they are raised on religion, and that is the rejection of science in favor of "faith", and these other things are just other faiths, so it shouldnt be suprising that many people believe in that stuff.  There is just as much evidence for phychics as there is for the divinity of jesus or the existance of god.Because ppl are strangethey  just like new thing...I think...People looking to fill their otherwise empty lives. The willing victims of religion are the best example of this. Buying into the myth that has suckered untold billions of people. Neve mind the b.s.  and bloodshed, give me that old time religion!life`a piece of sh*t . . it`s just the way these twats deal with itBecause they have a right to.Humans want answers and explanations to life's complexities.  Reality is often hard to understand, or unknowable, so we accept far fetched  and "crazy" notions because they are easy to accept or understand, and if not questioned too much will give us "answers"  when reality often gives us more questions to keep us up at night.. . Isn't it nicer to think that a fat jolly man leaves us gifts under the tree than to realize that mom had to slug a woman in Wal Mart for that Tickle Me Elmo?
Dreams are a collection of memories or forms of things in your memory.Many levels to dreams.  Usually, pieces of real life are thrown in with things that are symbolic.. That's why some things make no sense, and others fit perfectly into whatever feeling you ahd when dreaming.Dreams are what you make of them.Over the centuries they have been used for predictions eg.seven years of plenty,for analysis as by Freud,by artists as inspiration and many other uses .It seems that dreams provide a key to understanding the world from the point of view of the dreamer.The trick is to find out what your dream tells you.Below is a link to an answer I gave on this a few days ago -- so I don't have to repeat myself :). . Peace.dreams are visual pictures created by the brain when you are unconcious. Sometimes, they do mean something, other times, they're just random.Spirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your FREE dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly. Just remember where you posted your question, your dream interpretation will be under the same section.
oh i'm n ot the only one then phew was beginning to think i was weird ... and same for sexual memories too always in first person.. don't know if theres a name for it but will keep looking 2 see if anyone knows.. . take careIf I'm gallable and I believe you and your lying...well don't blame. To me it sounds like astral projection or something similar atleast, but astral projection is not just about mere memories. I think you should have your birthchart done by an astrologer so they can see if you have any psychic abilities and help you with them.WTF dont know why you remember the 3rd person. who gives a f**k anyway. f**kin wierdo.I can't help but to think that by remembering in the 3rd person that you are somehow detaching yourself from reality.  Is it fear?  I too find myself detaching myself from reality and dislike the recollection of actually being in some of the situations that I've been in.  It's only a thought.  Hope you find the answer you're looking for.Over developed hippocampus, you have an awesome spatial ability regarding memory. Your personality also sees in totality not just tunnel visioned focus.the 3 strike syndromeI dont know. Sometimes i have third person memories..usually childhood memories though..mostly childhood memories..yeah..theyre all in 3rd person, now that i think about it..I dont know what its called though..when you find out, please tell me.
Buy a power socket from a hardware store. Then plug things into it until you get over your fears.put on rubber gloves if you think you're gonna get shocked.start playing with it for some time. ask some one to shut down the pc and boot it ..... and you start plugging in without the knowledge whether really the comp is on or off.... so you can always assume its going to be off.. and keep doing this.... . more over USB's never gives you shock unless it stops working...I don't know, but try practicing with items that won't activate unless you press a button. Like with TVs or gaming consoles.Down a pint of rum every time you plug an appliance in.try wearing rubber gloves everytime you plug something. rubber stops electricity to keep flowing.try to face your fears!!!!but I don't know what is the appropriate term for the phobia in electricity...I think it's electrophobia...hehe..There are a lot of suggestions with regards to overcoming fear. In your case it is  fear of plugging electricity. But i can recommend two things. first, you may go to a psychologist or a psychotherapist if you felt you need it because it is already affecting your lifestyle. Or you can overcome it by means of "exposure" as most psychologists would recommend. You just need expose yourself to this stimuli all the time. Or you an practice facing your fear by "practicing". Try plugging in something where your electricity is cut off.... you can it all the time if you want.... then little by little try to move on "live" plugging. Take note that some CPU's have six (6.0) volts on it. So never plug in any USB port or anything behind your CPU if you are not wearing dry slippers or shoes. Ok? Simple tip for you that probably would help you next time. Good luck!Just make sure your fingers are not near the metal prongs and gently plug the appliance into the wall. Never pulled anything in when your hands are wet. Just face your fears and you can overcome them. Best of luck to you.Maybe try plugging things into an exenstion cord or power bar that isnt plugged into anything,its possible once you are used to that the fear of plugging things into a live connection will be not as intense.
Maybe they just enjoy it, and they're having fun. You shouldn't be so stuck up.its a dif kind of society called....wierdstop stereotyping theater girls. one of my closest friends is a theater girl and she doesn't act like that at all.
Why would you want to?  Who ever said that tolerating ambiguity was the right or wrong way?  Just be yourself.I'm not sure what 'ambiguity' means.  Can you give me an example?  My mind is a bit fuzzy when it comes to big words.. Can you recommend a good dictionary?  Maybe I should get one of those thesouruses books.  Do you like retarded people?One of the best ways I've found is to start investing and buying stocks in the stock market... I can't think of a more ambiguous situation than figuring out which stocks to buy.  Also try playing strategy games that involve lots of uncertainties... you're often forced to make decisions based on insufficient information.You could try telling yourself people have a right to change their minds.  But then again, once people make a decision, they should stick with it to avoid ambiguity.First off - are you meaning ambiguity as someone making a decision and then changing it?  Or (as defined) the inability (if you will) of being able to make any decision at all?  If the second is what you're frustrated over, well I'd have to say I can completely understand.  My mother is very bad at that.  Most of the time, the inability to make a decision is a result of insecurity - which is very unattractive.  If someone is confident in their decision, they'd make it.  Also - a lot of the time, a person with be ambiguous about the decision, only to turn on you later saying the decision you made wasn't what they wanted.  The classic, "I don't care - you decide....WHY did you decide THAT" issue.  At any rate, a certain intolerance of this behavior is normal and actually shows that you are confident enough to not only make your own decisions, but to expect other people to make and stick with (reasonably) theirs.  My mother's very ambiguous - drives me crazy.  A piece of advice, if it's something you do want to "deal with" - then when you're encountering someone who can't seem to make a decision...go ahead and make it for them.  If they turn on you for it, point out that you gave them the chance to decide first and they couldn't settle on a decision.  But remember - most of the time - it's an insecurity, almost fearful, response - the person is afraid their decision is wrong.  Don't be too hard on yourself.Ok im putting my ignorance out in public, whats ambiguity mean?
Music that has words is very distracting to most people. You find yourself singing along or listening to the words instead of concentrating on the task at hand. Loud, head-banging music is the worst, by far, as it fills your ears and mind with sounds that cannot be ignored. Mellow sounds, like classical compositions or chanting are the best types of music to play if you want to keep your concentrating. They have a lulling effect on the mind and allow you to do your job.A persons chosen musical preference will most likely relax them, or put their mind at ease. Concentration is best when these two factors are met. If you like classical or country...Don't try to listen to metal or rap while studying. Some can think clearer when loud music is present, while others are best in silence.i learned, way back in fifth grade, that classical music is best to listen to when you want to retain information and rock music is supposed to have the exact opposite affect.. i learned in college psychology that your sense of hearing can affect your other senses.  the louder the music the lower your ability to see or focus on something you are looking for.
it maybe that you are depressed (something to do with your Brain), did you just have a baby or lose someone special to you? perhaps a relationship gone bad? you may need to get away from everything for a bit! try a new and different exercise or something you never have before.God is the way.... you can't do any thing with out him. just try...one time...only one time to read his words maybe you will find out an answer for your question just be honest with your self.u must simply live more for a simple moment.... u re sad because of past and afraid of future - be more relaxed.... try to make other people feel better and u will feel better tooMaybe it all starts because that's how you regard yourself...So instead of always looking at the negative side...do the opposite...go out with friends, change your sense of thinking, and this maybe a cliche but if your religious pray.... prayer helps the mind and soul.... and if none of this works then seek medical help...go to a counselor, psychiatrist or any of that sort.... . i hope i helped...so just try to be happy...your probably taking life to seriously and letting the small unimportant things bring you down. try laughing most of it off and move on. don't think so hard. it's a ridiculous world, a comedy really, make jokes about it. focus on your path and don't worry about those things you cannot control. its all "mind over matter" ;)Once you realize that life is not going to be happy all the time you will probably feel better.  Life is a rollercoaster and with every up htere is a down and with every down there is a up.. . you learn from the down's to appreciate your life when it is up and you realize from being up that it is harder at the top.One can only be truly happy if they understand our actual propose in life and see things as they are.  We are in the world of illusion(Maya) this is not our real home.  We can be happy here if one has the veils of illusion remove.  (drugs, alcohol, relationships, psychiatrists are all temporary fixes) The quickest and easiest way to have the veils of illusion removed is to chant the Maha Mantra or the Great Mantra for deliverance (deliverance form all suffering misery and illusion.. Go to Http://www.stephen-knapp.com/chanting_hare_krishna.htm also get the book The Key to Real Happiness there.  It will change your whole outlook on life and will make you truly happyYou can be a happy person because you are made that way. Looks like you are sensitive to your environment, and seek only good things to happen to keep you happy, but only in disharmony we learn a lot of things, being sad is a reminder that you dont deserve this, and you work towards equibilirium and that is going to a state of happiness.. Think about the causes or situations that make you sad. and ask yourself what does this experience has to offer me as growth. If your sadness has no cause then it is good to see your family doctor and get his help.Stop focusing on being happy. Happiness is a fleeting moment that comes and goes. Work on trying to not be UN-happy and you will have better results. Life is full of situations that will bring us down and surround us with doubts and discouragements. When they happen( and they will for the rest of your life) work on facing them and overcoming them and then move on. When the happy moment happen(and they always will) relish and enjoy them while they last to bolster you through the next cycle.You can be a 'happy' person. Its just in your mind. . Happiness only comes when your heart is at peace with everyone and every   thing. When you are satisfied with what you have and draw a line on your 'wants'. Expectation from others is also main cause of unhappiness. Reduce that to nothing. Good healthy diet, good sleep, and good spiritual cleansing will also add to your happiness.. If sadness comes, accept it as it is going to make you even more stronger and look forward for happiness.. Remember, after every dark night is a bright sunny /cloudy day.. Remember, what ever happens - happens for good only.i don't know why you get so unhappy with your self what about your family don't they make you happy? maybe you can find a Hobey or something to do that you like and maybe that will help you out what ever your not happy with talk to your friends about it and maybe they can help you out cause my boyfriend is going though the same thing you are he said he is not happy with his life but he is happy with me but he is just not happy where he lives see my boyfriend has a hard tI'me sharing his feelings with other people and his family he keeps them all in and dose not talk about them and i told him that he can come to me about any thing at all. so what im saying don't keep your feelings in share them with your friends.how often? Throughout the day?  You might be bipolar throughout the week? Bipolar maybe.  Maybe a more experienced person can help you besides me.  Have you tried going to a psychologist or counselor?  That might help. . A LOT of people have bipolar
Meditation.. and a will to do so.. and patience.. Change the inner world to change the outer world.. It isnt that hard to Meditate but you need time to sit alone and meditate. This enables you to work towards being concious at all times, but it takes time and effort. When you take the time to quiet the mind and meditate things will happen naturally with wakening what is dormant within.. Read up on awakening the unconcious mind.Rachel Heather Fletcher thats how!i cant tell the difference, but you can utilize your mind by talking to yourself in your head a lot, it feels weird but its like a brain exercise, try to multi-task, and practice noticing the little things that people dont, really utilize your five senses and your body will be acustomed to it... wow big words for meWith an imaginary alarm clockThe quickest and easiest way to awaken the unconscious mind is to chant the Maha Mantra  The Great Mantra for deliverance (deliverance from illusion, misery and suffering) .  Hare Krishna Hare Krishna Krishna Krishna Hare Hare Hare Rama Hare Rama Rama Rama Hare Hare  Say it loud enough to hear each syllable at least 108 times.  for complete details go to http://www.stephen-knapp.com/chanting_hare_krishna.htmWith an alarm-clock that chimes on very low frequencies.some sort of recreational drug but I'm not recommending itBaroque music is know to stimulate certain brainwaves and thus might help in your task. Meditation and complete relaxation along with perhaps some guidance.Your unconscious mind is pretty much always awake.  Dreams are the royal road to the unconscious.  During the day your unconscious mind lurks around the corner of your conscious mind and has a silent iron grip over every one of your actions.You can't. thats why you keep someone alert when they've had an accident. if they do, its dangerous and you can dietry loud music if that dont work why not hypnoisis!!!Um !Have 10 pints and a curry before you go to bed.. It will soon wake up.That is if your married.smack it around. I think you mean subconscious because the unconscious would be when your passed out cold. To tap into the subconscious you can be hypnotized and have your dreams analyzedA stab in the eye with a sharp pencil could helpa bucket of waterhope these help.. Good luck.Go buy a copy of the Einstein Factor.
Eugenics.  If you want to improve a heritable trait, which intelligence is, you must breed for it.Ancient Aztec rituals for brain-raising:. 1.  Strip the captive naked and paint him blue. 2.  Drag him up hundreds of feet onto a pyramid-shaped sacraficial mound. 3.  Shave the captive's head, crack his skull, and remove the brain. 4.  Have the chief hold the brain in his right hand and raise it above his head, in the sight of the whole village. 5.  If the chief eats the brain, he will gain the powers of the enemy that was defeated
It is a sign of the extreme lack of --- critical reasoning --- that exist as a result of our educational system and pathetic parenting.. . .I think many people buy into the conspiracy theories because their seems to be a little bit of truth behind them and what is told as the truth has something missing.. . So basically it is a way to explain the unexplained.some of them might be true...the better question is why do people by into the ridiculous theories, like how 9/11 was our governments plot.  With JFK there were/are many significant questions about what really happened.  And only the one crappy quality videotape.  As far as the Da vinci code and Judas, well none of us were there so all the info we have is dogmatic in nature and can be interpreted in any way but actual fact.. . As to why they get involved...I dont know everyone needs a hobby or something to believe in I guess...Ignorance - many people are dumb and do not bother to know the truth. Denial - they know it's the truth, but deny the truth for a variety of psychological reasons. Fear - people are afraid (due to ignorance), thus they easily believe all these conspiracy theories. Greed - some people not only believe, but spread these theories on the internet and other media to create fear so that they can benefit from it. . . radicalhop.com - thinking unartificiallyBecause sometimes its easier to be sheep and follow the crowd than think on your own.Some conspiracy theories may be funded by our enemy for obvious strategic reasons. For example the 9-11 conspiracy is probably funded by Islamic money, trying to blame the U.S. Govt. for the attacks by Islamo-fascists.. . If you use simple logic, you'd realize how absurd this is: the WTC bldgs housed many foreign consulates and businesses, and many foreigners died in the attacks. If the U.S. were indeed behind 9-11, do you think the governments of these foreigners would not start hell with the USA by now????. . Lamebrain liberals are usually slow to grasp the truth, slow to think outside the box, and thus are a threat to society because they help spread such types of garbage theories.I think its because everyone wants to seem intelligent in the eyes of others so everyone has to blab about crap they know very little about.   Just watch those silly entertainment news shows on any of the cable networks and you will see that everyone there has the answer yet the problem still remains.  Dont listen to tall irish dumbasses who are only there for their own pockets.  Mankind is very flawed and will probably never improveThis is not going to sound too politically correct, but what the hell; it's my theory and I'm pretty sure there is some accuracy to it. It has always seemed to me that most conspiracy theorists are on the lower rungs of the socio-economic ladder. They are usually lower to lower middle class, and minimally educated. Therefore, there lives aren't usually ideal and so, rather than blame their own shortcomings, it is much easier to blame the Big Bad Oppressive Government Who Hides Things From Us and Can't Be Trusted!!.   I think you would find that the higher the education and the financial income, the less percentage there are of conspiracy buffs.I like the answer given by "No longer strugglin... student" It's always easier to buy into half-baked conspiracy theories than to sit down and do some work to get the facts for yourself. The moon-landing-hoax is a good example. One of the main 'facts' used to prove men never landed on the moon is the picture of the American flag shown fluttering on the lunar surface where no wind can exist. Lot of people are too lazy or ignorant to understand that the flag was made to look like it was waving by thin strips of plastic embedded in its field.It is easier to believe than to think on their own.People like to believe in things that make them feel good or make them wonder. Most people also just want to avoid the truth at all costs no matter how false the theory is.Because they can't see that odd or unfortunate events sometimes occur without explanation.They don't want to face the truth.
You can search the web, there's a lot of info. If you've taken the MBTI, there's a total of 16 personality types, 8 introverted and 8 extroverted types.Introvert, when used non-technically, usually means a shy, unsociable person. Psychiatrist Carl Jung defined introversion as a turning of mental interests away from people and events of the outer world to the inner world of one's own thoughts . . . He believed that in a normal person, introversion is balanced by extroversion . But in an introvert, the tendency toward introversion is greater than toward extroversion. Jung thought that if the tendency toward introversion became extreme, it would dominate a person's unconscious mental life and create a conflict between the two tendencies. This conflict would result in a neurosis, which is a kind of mental illness.. . These are the greatest strengths of the introvert:. .   focus and concentration, excellent listener, ability to "stand alone," original thinking, depth, integrityIntrovert Personality. . Introvert, when used non-technically, usually means a shy, unsociable person. Psychiatrist Carl Jung defined introversion as a turning of mental interests away from people and events of the outer world to the inner world of one's own thoughts . . . He believed that in a normal person, introversion is balanced by extroversion . But in an introvert, the tendency toward introversion is greater than toward extroversion. Jung thought that if the tendency toward introversion became extreme, it would dominate a person's unconscious mental life and create a conflict between the two tendencies. This conflict would result in a neurosis, which is a kind of mental illness..  . . . Introversion and extroversion. . The terms introvert and extrovert (also spelled extravert) refer to a personality factor expressed in traits such as warmth, gregariousness, assertiveness, activity, and excitement seeking. The terms were popularized by Carl Jung and are a dimension in current personality models such as the big five personality traits, Myers Briggs Type Indicator, and Socionics.. . Contents [hide]. 1 Definitions . 1.1 Jungian theory . 1.2 Eysenck's theory . 2 Measurement . 3 Causes . 4 Implications . 5 Notes . 6 External Links . 7 See also .  . . .  Definitions. Extroversion is "the act, state, or habit of being predominantly concerned with and obtaining gratification from what is outside the self". [1] Extroverts tend to enjoy human interactions and to be enthusiastic, talkative, assertive, and gregarious. They take pleasure in activities that involve large social gatherings, such as parties, community activities, public demonstrations, and business or political groups. An extroverted person is likely to enjoy time spent with people and find less reward in time spent alone.. . Introversion is "the state of or tendency toward being wholly or predominantly concerned with and interested in one's own mental life". [1] Introverts tend to be quiet, low-key, deliberate, and relatively non-engaged in social situations. They take pleasure in solitary activities such as reading, writing, watching movies, inventing, and designing. An introverted person is likely to enjoy time spent alone and find less reward in time spent with large groups of people (although they may enjoy one-to-one or one-to-few interactions with close friends).. . While most people view being either introverted or extroverted as a question with only two answers, levels of extraversion in fact fall in a normally distributed bell curve, with most people falling in between the two extremes. The term ambivert was coined to denote people who fall more or less directly in the middle and exhibit tendencies of both groups. An ambivert is normally comfortable with groups and enjoys social interaction, but also relishes time alone and away from the crowd.. . .  Jungian theory. According to Jung, extroversion and introversion refer to the direction of psychic energy. If a person’s energy usually flows outwards, he or she is an extrovert, while if this energy normally flows inwards, this person is an introvert. [2] Extroverts feel an increase of perceived energy when interacting with large group of people, but a decrease of energy when left alone. Conversely, introverts feel an increase of energy when alone, but a decrease of energy when surrounded by large group of people.. . Most modern psychologists consider theories of psychic energy to be obsolete. However, the concept is still sometimes used in the more general sense of "feeling energized" in particular situations. Jung’s primary legacy in this area may be the popularizing of the terms introvert and extrovert to refer to a particular dimension of personality.. . . Eysenck's theory. Hans Eysenck described extroversion as the tendency to enjoy positive events, especially social events. Extrovert seek out social activity in an effort to heighten their arousal level, Introvert - shy and quiet. . Strength: Thoughtful and contemplative. Weakness: Don't speak up when they should, especially when around extrovertssomeone who is quiet and doesn't let his feelings be known  They do not jump into friendships quickly until they feel comfortable with someone  positive and the negative aspect is that they might have had some wonderful relations with that person
Mass communication means you don't know all the people your communication reaches, like a billboard or television communication.. . With personal communication you know exactly who you are communicating to, like a letter or phone call.. . Mass communication reaches more people, but it is more expensive and more difficult to get a more complicated message out.My guess is Personal is face to face/voice to voice. . Mass communication is radio, television, internet, print
If you are talking about you own mother-in-law then I am very sorry for you. My husband and mother get along very well together. My mom respects our marriage and my husband respects my relationship with my mom. And she has never ever tried to "manipulate me to act against my husband".Kniving? You mean with kitchenware?. . I think some of them still believe that their place is in the kitchen.. . It is a shame they don't reject such patriarchial views.I hope to goodness you mean "conniving".  At any rate, perhaps you should look at the way you treat her.  The poor woman is probably concerned about her daughter being stuck with a guy who takes the actions of one woman as representative of the totality of womankind.  If you are just stuck with a bad mother-in-law, well, lots of people don't get along with inlaws.  Out of respect for your wife, you shouldn't assume all women are like that one.  Someday, your lady may end up being a mother-in-law, and it would be terrible of you to think that poorly of her.Maybe it is because everyone expects them to be. If all mother-in-laws are horrible, then that daughter will be horrible one day too. I think it is the perception of them, not their actual behavior.Kiss up to your mother -in-law!  Don't you know how to play that game?why do all men think they can solve the world's problems on the computer on in front of the TV? (was that fair? ...no and neither is your question. not all women are that way.)Well, Sleazy P. Martini, I can't imagine why any mother wouldn't be thrilled to have you as a son in law.. . That aside, what makes you so sure that your experience is universal?  Also, consider that wives have mothers-in-law too, they don't exist just to pester men...Whoa! Stop smoking da grass man its making you paranoid.how about your mom maybe its you not themMaybe yours does, but try not to speak in such generalities, because your statement will always be false. Not all women are "conniving," and not all mother in laws want to make a man's life hell. My mom LOVES my husband, (sometimes I wonder if she likes him more than ME! LOL.)  My mom DOESN'T like my sister's husband, but then he can't keep a job, and talks down to his wife. So, it's all relative. (Get it? HA!)Women are good at what they do.  Nuff said.. . Tell your mother in law to mess up someone else's life. . . Or, get rid of your wife.  She obviously has no backbone.  She seems to have forgotten the 'forsaking all others' clause in the vows.
you are still young, since you are aware of your problem at this age then i think you will find a way out of it. comprehension texts comes by practice, i mean, the more you read it ll be less likely for recurrence rate.. you can also get some professional help, at least to know what the borders and limits of your problem.. good luckI'm no mental health professional, but what I understand is that your cognitive processes are intact, but are not moving rapidly with respect to retention.. In my inexpert way, I would move first to isolate the problem.. Survey:  I go into a trance, and I'm not listening to someone (not because I'm impolite, but just because it happens... i would never tune out my mom, for example.)  Everything is recorded.  I can answer questions about what was said as though I wasn't spacing out.  I can be sleeping in class and answer a question when called upon.. "In one ear and out the other" indicates some form of distraction.  A lack of focus.  I know.  That is a process problem, if you hear what is stated, but nothing happens.. If you are a drug user, stop using drugs.  That's the easy answer.. If you have some other neurological impediment, carry a notebook.. If you are trying to be a server for a job, don't be afraid to use a pen and paper.  . If you can't remember things, the notebook remembers for you.. Write things down.  If it doesn't help you now, it might help you later.You are very smart, because you've diagnosed your own problem, which is called hypo-arousal.  It's a learning disability.  I believe you can overcome this, with some professional help.  Good luck.perhaps you should try taking some focusing medication. i tried some because in a certain time i had problems myself with focusing.......but u might have a problem that caused a mental blockage. maybe u should review ur relashionship with ur parents or ur gf
Salvation army. . Savers = epilepsy foundation. . Good willWhoo Xena.... any way. . . Help the aged do. Why only last week we sold a 3 pice swite. (If thats how you spell it).Goodwill and Salvation Army are the basic ones who will pick up.  Be aware that they're getting very picky about furniture.  It has to be in excellent condition and clean, or they won't take it.Goodwill, Salvation army several of them do you will have to call around to find out . Good luck and god bless.
Bdon't know where you want to go here. but based on history . economy has always depended on the quality of the soil(the environment). all civilizations,when successfully went hand in hand with abundant agriculture. Central American empires,. Egyptian,Babylonian,Indian,the cities of Mu and Ur.. when the soil was gone as happened in the east and now in the Orient,,the civilizations ceased to exist.eventually.. ecology and economy walk hand in hand.cEconomic determinism.. . It implies that all things in society including  institutions, laws, religion etc flow from and are determined by the economic substructure of the society.
The philips curve didn't so much break down as people began to realise it did not account for short term and long term situations.. . In the long term, there is no trade off between inflation and employmentIt measures the relationship between inflation and employment on a x-y axis. It is depicted as a downward-sloping curve. The curve implies that the relationship between inflation and employment is predictable and stable and this led to the government tinkling with it thinking that the results are reversible. However, in the 1980s, the Philips Curve started to break down.
Because eye contact for too long a time can signal aggression,just as in dogs. Prolonged eye contact in humans can either signal a challenge or too intense feelings. Either way, it is uncomfortable.All say(books and experts) that anyone who does ot look you in the eye when talking is hiding something.. they are lying, etc.. In general.. I believe this is true to a degree. BUT.. for myself, I can look a person in the eye but I cannot keep looking at a person as it makes me uncomfortable.. Am I lying.. NO.. Am I attempting to hide something? No.. It is just the way I ambecause they are uncomfortable or lying.I always find the eyes the most appealing part to any person. When it can become unbearable, is when it is prolonged! If someone goes on staring at you sooner or later, it is going to come across as agressive!I think it's a communication thing. They don't want to look at you because they don't want to have any direct contact with you. I personally find it quite rude when people speak to me and have there head down or doing something else (unless of course they have to look away or are engaged in something else)or don't look at me when I speak to them. It depends on the circumstances butwhen there's nothing about, just you and him, they should be lookin at you if you're intacting with each ither in someway.I find the other persons eye lashes tickle!. Also I am afraid of catching something.........a Cold say.It really has to do with the mind and sociality as it defines the way we percieve someone so someone that sheds some eye contact on someone can be percieved at the different end another way,  for example I looked at someone down in the street the wrong way,   like a ned for example he would think "what the fekk is that cunt looking at"...  Thats their mentality,    excuse my language if you look at him the wrong way he would think about using his fist firstly,    and then brain latter,   I think also aswell its to with the reactions to see why is he looking at me and stuff...It signals agreesion and can lead to a fight for dominance.coz theyve got nasty thought in their headslike everybody else had said: they are hiding something, or are insecure.. I'm a generally insecure person, but for some reason, i can look anybody in the eye....because you can see the soul through the eyesI dont know!  But have you noticed, little kids can stare and hold eye contact for ages and it doesn't bother them?Very good question. They say that the eyes are the window to the soul.There are so many reasons that I don't think there is one single answer to that.some people sometimes find eye contact very uncomfortable maybe because they hold a bid secret and wouldn't like you knowing also people believe the eyes are the window to your soul they maybe feel insecure about their soul so they don't let you see for a long period also some people just plain don't like itIt depends on how we were brought up. It also depends on our state of mind.I think it's because they are guilty about something and don't want the other person to see it in their eyes.It's just one of those awkward situations!. I don't think there is any other way to describe it!Embarrassment - may-be they fancy that person !. Or because they don't like that person.. Or they could recent the persons help/interference.. They might be shy. Or have a lack of confidence.
This has happened to me before with some passive-aggressive people.  I treat them with great skepticism and caution even if they act friendly... trust has to be earned and regained slowly over time.  It's possible I'll treat them normally in the future, but if their actions were ugly it will take awhile.I'm fairly hard. I would be very standoffish. Possibly return a hello and then I would walk away. People need to learn that they can not do whatever they like and just be forgiven.HM. It depends. Maybe that person had a bad day and you're overreacting by not letting it go when they've apologized. Or maybe it's a pattern and that person is abusive. . . What I would do is give myself a few days to cool off, maybe talk to a few people I trust about exactly what was said without necessarily saying who said it, and see if it gives me a different perspective. Then decide if the friendship is still worth it or if it really is healthier to walk away.If it was really "inexcusable" behavior, then I'd just tell them that I am no longer comfortable being in relationship with them because the trust that you had previously is irretrievably broken, tell them that you are no longer available to them in any way, and wish them well. Exit stage right.I would have to question why I am still associating with this person. Obviously the apology wasn't good enough or you'd be past it. If it still bugs you, sit them down and talk about it. If you can't get past it, cut the ties and move on.Your a nice person, so you don't treat them how they have treated you. In my opinion, you should tell them the truth about how you feel. He should understand the reason that you can't forgive him. If you truly look in your heart, and can't find it in you to forgive him, then he doesn't deserve it. You said it yourself dear, it was an unexcusable situation. Or you could forgive him and tell him that you will never forget what he has done. That even though you forgive him, things will never be the same between you two. Again, be honest about your feelings. Just don't hurt him  like he's hurt you. You're the intelligent one in this situation. You'll know what to do.If you want to stay around them then forget what happened and start anew if their capable of doing so...but if their not a forgivable person then you don't have to be around them ... in other words unless their your kids' father whom you have to see b/c of the kids' and your not married then keep the relationship about the kids' only but if your married to him then try to work it out but if he's physically abusive then get away from him as quick as possible and keep the upper hand by being strong enough to stay away....you need to value yourself at a higher standard and learn how to cut people out. I know it's hard the first time you do it, but take it from someone who learned the hard way, time and time again--nip this now before it gets worse. there are the types of friends that are beneficial to your life, and then there are the type, where it might be good for a while, until they mess up again and hurt you so badly. . You need to embrace the fact, not idea, the fact that actions speak louder than words, and behaviors like this from people who are supposed to be close to you and who treat you this way, these are not friends, and you will be better off without them.
"taking over" is just not that simple - what we need to do is make peace with these countries,get home and take care of ourselves.Because we're cool.  We respect the soveriegnty of Kuwait, just as we respect sovereignty of other nations that pose outward threats to us to other nations that share our ideals of personal liberty and freedom.. . Despite what many in the media would have you believe (that we are an agressor and occupier), we are a liberator.  We're like the cool parents that want their kids to grow up to be productive citizens.  We're not like the authoritarian (dictator) parents that wish to control their kids every move even after they become adults.Probably the main thing that stopped us was that fact that there was a government in power there already and it is an ally of the US, one of the few in the Middle East.  We were there to help not take over.Because Iraq invaded Kuwait. If the U.S. were to take over Kuwait, it'd make them hypocrites. The US may be powerful, but they're not (always) stupid.
Be aware there are negative moral influences.. Choose their role models wisely. Learn the difference between being a hero and being famous.. Choose their friends wiselyLearn to trust yourself, and your gut instinct.  Learn not to be influenced if you truly don't want to be.  Realize its a beautiful thing to be different and to be proud of it!Just say no to "ghetto" culture.Hi there genius,. You have raised the million dollar question of the day..... After just reading an article about  shootings, muggings and robberies that stem from the release of the Play-station3.... It truly makes me wonder about the future state of social order.... Is this and worse, what good citizens have to look foward to in the new millenium?. . The issue you have raised far exceeds the mere idleness of adolescent minds.. When I come to the table here at "Yahoo answers" and ask questions, I am greatly dismayed with the unethical indiffrence by so many.. Not withstanding that I have encountered some intelligent beings here but, also some very brash mentalities as well.. I tend to believe that the over-all concept of humanity and civility are being perpetually swept into an abyss of hatred, false doctrine and the likes..... Sigmund Freud contended that these traits are associated with socio-pathic degeneration..... He also contended that, conditioning was the earmark of ones environment and that these are learned/ acquired behaviors.. . My agenda within this forum is humanitarianly aimed at combating the downward spiral of our failing society.. I am 46 years of age and have seen the ill-effects of Viet Nam, the Civil Rights struggle and now the increasing gun-play in Iraq and our city streets.. The depraved indifference to human life.. . Many who follow the political sound-bytes yet, fail to acknowledge facts tend  to believe that collateral damage is acceptable long as they themselves are not the victims.. . I read a book a few yeas ago by Sissila Bok "A strategy for Peace".... The most stunning passage she wrote was" Those that can get you to believe absurdities, can get you to commit atrocities".... Bush proved her right..... . In summation; collectively it is far over-due for a social over-haul from government, to the suburbs and the city.. We all have a responsibility to correct the fallacies not just point fingers.. . Not just minorities are the epitome of what is wrong in America look at the incidents at Collumbine and the  recent shooting of the young girl not far from there a couple of months ago.... Todays youth are the product of an over-all failing.. Solidarity to "America the Beautiful"?. . Proud to be a Hippie and a free thinker, I'm not a Yuppi..... "The last of a dying breed..."
It doesent it only shows a glimer of worthnessThe same way almost every other superficially based stereotype affects a society, i.e.: it marginalizes and ultimately alienates a portion of the population.
When populations become isolated from one another eventually their languages will develop differently to the point where they become mutually unintelligible. For example, in Roman times, the people of Italy (Italia) and Spain (Iberia) both spoke Latin but during the dark ages the populations drifted apart and they both developed separate languages which both retain similarities to latin and to one another but are two separate languages. Languages often develop when they come into contact with indigenous language and the languages of the colonizers and colonized are blended together. These are called pidgin language and are usually simplistic but can evolve into even more sophisticated Creole (like in Haiti where they speak French Creole) and can become their own languageGenesis 11 : 1-9...And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech. And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there. And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them throughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime for mortar.  And they said, Go to , let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven...vs. 7 (the Lord speaking) Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech. ...vs. 9 Therefore is the name of it called Babel ( pronounced babble ) because the Lord did there confound the language of all the earth... In simple words, The people thought they didn't need God and could get to heaven on their own, but God confused their languages to show His control and power.It said so in the bible so man would never undrstand each other.. . CoachAccording to Bible,Tower of Babel.Probably in reality,different tribes of peoples in the beginning were so displaced from each other that they came up with their own ways of communication.As countries grew and conquered others language was incorporated into the conquered people.That is why alot of different languages have familiar wordsat one time all had the same language but with the building of . jacobs latter a storm god sent all scatted when returned all spoke different its in the bible its also known as tower of babbleSo that life will be more interesting!Be cause we all are different. But we all  say same thing in our different languages.if you isolate from each other 2 tribes or 2 cultures of people in 2000. years they will change the same language into 2 separate languages.example.just watch an old film that was made 50 years. ago and you will discover people spoke differently than and now. english and german used to be one language. spanish,french,portugees,romanian used to be one language. serbian,rushen,bulgarian,polish used to be one languageRON WHITE SAY WE CAN'T FIX STUPIDI think the tower of Babel is a bunch of baloney.  We speak the same language in the US but look how it differs from region to region.  Television probably keeps us from getting to far afield in our language but imagine thousands of years of living without outside communication.  We change our language all the time now, if we lived in a closed society our language would evolve to a point that it would be completely different.  Mass communication may move us toward a language of the world that we can all understand but not for a long time.
Did you watch any scary movies or read books about deadly snakes and pythons before bed? Maybe that may have caused those bad dreams and stuff. Try clearing your mind by resting and not do anything an hour before bedtime.donot afraid of snakes.on the contrary draw the pictures of it .the unknown fear affects ur sleep..   Prepare urself that nobody can harm u,because you didnot do anything wrong for any body.so be free from worries.if u are religious mind of person,pour milk on the statue of snake which exists in the temple .if u donot find any temple then u just make a snake by clay and pour milk and then pray NOT TO COME IN UR DREAM by request. .             and after  you will be totaly free from it. .                     donot afraid of anything .The snake is your emotional,mental,and sexual energy that can express pleasure or pain,sexual drive,ideas,depressed feelings,happiness,anger or movement.The snake is the instinctive flow of life.If the snake bites you,this describes how your own emotional and sexual energy has been turned back upon in a negative way through anxiety,perhaps through a way of life that depresses you or makes you feel angry and resentful.The snake is your own potential.Don't be afraid.Learn from it,for the snake is an ancient wise part of you.Find out how you are out of harmony with it/yourself.. The colour of the snake tells you what way your potential energy is expressing.Green might be that you are finding healing and growth.Red could  be passion or anger.I really do hope that . what ever is causing you to have such bad dreams,gets resolved really soon.I hope I was of some help to you.take care.most irrational fears , as to dreams and or minor panic attacks, are the minds way of trying to figure out (subconciously) a more basic and deep seeded fear or problem and use the imagery of snakes in your case as a metaphore that you will recognize ir relate to . face the fear and work thru it, remember it is not real and is not going to harm you. also set your self conciously to recall your dreams and to have your mind to reveal the true source of your panic, and fears, or misgiveing. once discovered, resolve the problem, and the rest will go away !Maybe you are displaying the characteristics of a troubled mind, needing release of a deep seated problem , that is absorbing you to the point of paranoia.. . What has happened in your life that has brought this occurrence on?, maybe if you can address this then you will settle down and be more relaxed.....seek professional help if need to, as it will only get worse....cheers and good luckThis is interesting.. Are the snakes you sense real snakes, or just long tubes ?. Is everything made of snakes, or is it just the odd snake hanging around ?. It doesn't seem that the snakes are a danger to you, except for your worries.. As other answerers have suggested, there is probably a big change happening somewhere in your life, your mind is trying to understand the change and you are sensing the change as snakes.. Look at your everyday life and notice any big changes that have happened recently - try to understand and accept them.Spirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your free dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly
I'm not sure, this is a tough question.  Sorry.The story of Adam And Eve  is just that a story , a fiction, a fantasy;primarily designed to exemplify and instruct.. The reality has been debunked over and over again .. It therefore bears no impact what so ever upon science.We need to realize, God created scientific engineering also. And he is extremly mysterious. Why would he make it easy ? If it was easy it wouldnt be interesting.Eve was the culmination of the genetic engineering of Adam to create a female of the species. I don't understand the controversy between the 2 ideas....who can say that God didn't create Adam & Eve through evolution of the primates? Why do we limit ourselves to the idea we suddenly just appeared looking like we do now?that isnt quite how it worked...
I have the same problem.   Its a matter of will power.   Try to do at least one of the mundane items each day until completion.   After completion of each item, reward yourself with something such as half an hour on Anwers.   Or a glass of your favourite tipple... or chocolate.   Anyway, you get the idea.   Now I have convinced you... who's going to get me motivated?Realise there are thousands of people waiting to do your job for less than you.. . Usually works.Make a list of 10 fun things you would like to do at work that won't get you fired.  Then alternate, one task, one fun thing, and so on.Stop going an yahoo answers! Maybe I should follow my own advice.. am in the same boat. Damn those statistics.. . Seriously, break then down into bite size chunks, then have a game with yourself to see how quickly you can get each task done - and reward yourself after its done by, say, going on y!answers, or flirting with the person you like in work (now where has she gone?) Give yourself 30mins to do a task that you know takes 20 mins, do it as fast as possible, then play for a bit, then start the next task etc etc. It can work if you are very childish like me.. . Damn, where is she? She's not responding to messenger...Whatever you do, don't get stoned. I had a joint for lunch and now i can't be bothered to do anything (except giggle quietly in the corner).Nah... it'll wait.. . My plan for the rest of the day,. . 1.Go and get a coffee.. 2. Go to the toilet.. 3. Walk down to reception and chat to receptionist.. repeat until 5pm.prozac w/ a whiskey chaserset yourself a reasonable goal, like at least do 3 papers in the next hour. that way, you'll at least have something done.. another way of doing it, is to reward yourself with something that you've always wanted to get, like if i finished this pile of work then i'll be able to have my nails done. then just spoil yourself.. hope this motivated you a little.Make a list of all the things with a different 'reward' for completion of each one . . then, randomly pick one so you have to do it and can look forward to the random prize too!. . A 'Magnum' at 9.05 am can be very rewarding and motivating!!sounds like you work at the same place as me - i am surrounded by paper - some with deadlines & some without deadlines & yet i sit here at my computer on yahoo & emailing my friends most of the day - i have zero motivation & the boss noticed and got on my case, so now everyday i force myself to tackle at least one or two of those tasks - i promise myself in the morning that by the end of the day i will complete at least 2 tasks - i am also looking for another job, because obviously this is not the job for me, although the pay is good, but i have learned that money is not everything - get busy completing at least 2 tasks today & i will also!get off your butt and move. now get those projects done or you are fired!!! did that work? lolJust go home insteadExercise. Every time you do something force yourself do it meticulously with every attention to detail. This will improve your willpower. Also try to sleep better, earleir to bed earlier to rise. Find things you want to do. Quit wasting time on the internet...maybe you should change of activities, is it possible?. . . if it is an order that you must follow, . do not think in it as something boring, . but think in something more boring than that,. and smile...Why not reward yourself with something each 'crappy'. job you get done. Or... why not imagine you actually. like doing these jobs. It's not a difficult 'switch' to make!Have a look at the link - its not too cheesy.....Take a few of your tasks aside and tell yourself you will definitely try to finish that little pile. When you finish that pile, do it again. I find when I can look at a task and it looks messy and too much to handle, I separate it. I take a small amount and tell myself I WILL finish this. Eventually, before I know it, I'm done! It's all about fooling the brain into the thinking the task isn't as big as it appears. Good luck and have a stress free day!ok if you have time start by putting each task into a category start with the most difficult when it's done give yourself a reward like a cup of tea or a coke! Then come back refreshed get started on the rest telling yourself you will get a new reward this evening maybe a movie or a nice trip to your favourite place this weekend what ever gets you through, I get myself through bad days like this and it really works, little rewards mean you are working towards the reward not noticing the amount of boring tasks it takes to do to get them!Ring me!!!!Listen to some music while you are doing them. It will lift your spirits. It works for me everytime!talk to your boss. read the book 'Magic of thinking big'.No, I'm afraid not - though I would suggest that you look at yourself as being a 'square peg in a round hole,' and look for ways to deal with this.. . But, I do know just what you mean, finding the same problem for myself at times (many times) too.. . Sash.
Nepenthe was a drink (or lotion) that, in Greek Mythology, you could use to forget all your troubles. Poe uses it when the narrator wishes to remove the pain of losing Lenore, even if it means forgetting everything.the raven is a symbol for death.Read it and you'll fin the answers to your homework.
the most unfortunate thing about the countries requiring aid is that most kindly efforts from others are confounded by war, corruption or both.......conquer these two miseries and there is room for a ray of hopeGive a man a fish, that'll feed him for day.. Teach a man to fish, that'll feed him for a lifetime....because charity and aid doesn't get through to the people who need it because of the corrupt governments!sometimes it seems like no matter how much money we send it makes little difference,  I know its hard but sometimes charity really doe's begin at home.Which countries would those be?Charlotte C - Bravo- to actually answer teh question instaed of indulging in jingoistic approaches that most would and have done. My salutations to you on that objectivity that you have been able to maintain. Indeed it is the able administration of the aid which is more often not which is the root cause of poverty still being a phenomena world over.Not incorrect, but I would say they get out of poverty also because of RIGHT POLICES, and a bit of luck!. . Yes, many people in the 'newly developed countries' particularly those in the far east are tough workers. . However, I would argue the successful economies in Asia are based on a lot of other things as well. For instance, strong vertical family ties helps families businesses to grow; Parents in East Asia also do their best to help their children to stay in school as long as possible. The relatively homogenous ethnicity and culture within national borders, and their secular values (weak religion) also helps avoiding conflicts within countries.It is not true to say that countries that have received aid have not brought themselves out of poverty....you cited Korea which did in fact receive aid in the aftermath of the Korean war.  Another example is Ireland which received significant amounts of aid in the form of EC Structural Funds and is now one of the richest countries in Europe from having been one of the poorest only 20 years ago.  It is how the aid is administered and spent that is important and it would be wrong to cite 'hard work' or lack thereof as a reason for a country's poverty I am sure that the majority of people in the poorest countries in Sub Saharan Africa work very hard-there is just less of a payoff.
They don't realize that they have a problem. If they talk about how bad the abuse is, then they have to admit that they have a problem that they need help with.I agree with Amy, except they don't want to ADMIT they have a problem.  I think most often they do realize it.can you elaborate please?Because anyone who is doing something wrong doesn't want to face up to it. And if they are caught they surely NOT going to face up to the severity of the thing that they have done. . . Minimizing is a human behavoior. Not good, but it is a way with dealing with things that people don't want to face.Yes.  Most abusers actually blame the person they are abusing. . Example:  Abusive husbands blame their wives for not cooking their food the right way, not having the table set the right way, saying the wrong thing, not washing their clothes the right way.  Anything that goes wrong is always the wife's fault, so the abusive husband has to "teach" her a lesson.It could be a number of reasons:  don't realize that what they are doing is really abuse because it was prob done to them so it is 'normal' to them; if they admit to how bad it is, they would have to get help and they aren't ready for the help yet; think it's their right to be abusive; and many other 'excuses' for minimizing the abuse.. . As long as the one who is being abused realizes that abuse is abuse is abuse, and can find a way to get away from it for good, then all the better for the abused. IF the abuser ever does realize that what he/she is doing wrong and that they must get help to stop, and they actually get the help, then there may be a chance that they will stop, but that isn't always true.Because they are loosers.  Just plain bad people.  The most dangerous ones are the most intelligent
It could be. Perhaps the person is so anxious about being around people, fear of rejection, or feels somehow inferior and this causes the impulse to distract himself from the feelings and so he or she chews their nails.It's related to insecurity because it gives someone something else to think about rather than what they are insecure about.  It takes focus to bite off small slivers without hurting the finger.. . But it's also related to boredom.  One is bored and artful nail biting keeps one from being restless.Chronic onychophagia (nail biting) is not necessarily related to insecurity, although it can be, such as when a thumb sucker does this to comfort himself. It is more commonly related to nervousness, stress, boredom,  or an oral fixation.It's not I just don't like long nails.It's a nervous habit.  When someone is nervous or insecure, sometimes they do things like bite their nails, twirl their hair, giggle, twitch, tap a pencil, whatever.  To get over it you need to replace the habit with something positive and incompatible with the previous habit.nail-biting is a manifestation of anxiety.  anxiety is rooted in insecurity.  it's a nice little chain reaction.
genetics. and we can't all be blonde, darling.Because their bodies didn't use a lot of melanin - the pigment that colors hair and eyes as well as skin.. . Blonde hair is obviously the lightest color hair a person can have; blue eyes are the lightest color eyes a person can have (the only "color" that lighter is not a pigment color - it's the red or pink eyes that appear in albinos).. . So a person with fair skin, blonde hair and blue eyes appears that way because of very, very low levels of melanin.Because they didn't need the pigment for protection.. . It may surprise you but a lot of people from Ethiopia who are considered "black" have the most strikingly beautiful green eyes.. . Many American Indians across the continent have blues eyes, not a recent thing.Maybe because black peoples defence against the sun was by having dark skin, dark eyes, and dark hair (all natural defences).  All protects them against the sun deadly rares.  Maybe white people originally came from a place that they did not need these natural defences against the sun.  I heard people with blond hair and blue eyes, if they don't protect themselves properly, can eventually get skin cancer.What about white people with brown, green, or hazel eyes? How about red hair or brunettes? Lots of different combinations available with white people. Everyone else on the planet is the same, dark skin, dark hair, dark eyes. Boring, boring, boring. Yyyaaawwwnnn...The  people before me have allready told you why the hair and eye colour  (melanin ) but there`s a lot more too it than that .I`ll just give you one example .Noses people from very hot countries tend to have wider noses to let more heat out of the body and people from colder places ,thinner to keep the heat in .i would have a look on the internet about it i can be very interesting if you like to know about that sort of thingIt is natural for White people to appear in a wide range of hair and eye colors.  As far as I know, the White race is the only race in which this happens naturally.  All other races have very dark brown or black hair and very dark brown or black eyes.. . In a few White racial subgroups, blonde hair and blue eyes are the norm.  They are, however, recessive traits and would be obscured by any significant degree of outbreeding with groups having darker hair and eyes.. . But, to answer your question: the pecularity of the White race isn't entirely blonde hair and blue eyes.  Rather, it's that this race has a very wide spectrum of hair and eye color, a much wider spectrum than any other race has - a spectrum that INCLUDES blonde hair and blue eyes.Crazy, is'nt it? You ever seen a mix-breed? Or colors bursting out from a prism when natural light beams on it's face, causing a beautiful reflection?Well, I am Caucasian, but have dark brown eyes and hair.  Oh, and I am of German and Swedish heritage.My skin is light in tone, but, my eyes are slate grey, and my is light auburn. Not exactly "typical".
Abstract concepts like "love" and "friendship" only exist while there are minds which can conceive of them.  Once all sentient life dies, so too does love.  That's not to say that it will never return... that is, there may be sentient life again, but until then, "love" doesn't just sit on a bench and wait to be felt again.  Love doesn't float around, waiting to park inside someone's head... it comes and goes with the minds that experience it.I believe that parallel universes exist (as demonstrated in star trek) but they have worm holes one of which exists near my wardrobe and another close to my wash bin. Somewhere in one of those universes, somebody is grabbing all my clean underwear, wearing it, and then tossing it back in the wash bin. I also believe then when we are reborn we can be reborn in any of the universes. So next time I'm hoping for the one with the clean washing.one day humans will live in peace and happiness as One in comple and true  Unity.That only very few christmas fruitcakes have ever been baked, since the beginning of fruitcake, and these are the only ones that get constantly passed around, so that what you gave away one year, will eventually be returned to you intact. I know it´s stupid, but you asked for my weirdest theory. Besides, I don´t like fruitcake much.That food in my college's cafeteria was actually all made from molded soy beans and was injected with various flavors and then airbrushed to appear as different types of foods.  This explained the overall blandness and suspiciously similar tastes from food to food.That global warming will create a planet that is more like a rainforest with more water and rain.  The plantlife will thrive in this atmosphere and animals will become hard pressed for survival (including humans).  Mankind will be forced to relocate to cooler climates on the poles while the remainder of the planet is overrun by new species and evolved species of other animals.  The upside, people will wear less clothing because of the heat, lol.The act of imagination creates many theories and mine is that this web-site does an enormous amount of psychological therapy for all users and it is a good thing. And I think we will all be better for this.I came up with this when I was 9 but I still think it makes sense: Since dark colours attract or ``absorb``sunlight and that light colours reflect it, I think that people with lighter eye colour are more likely to be blinded by sunlight compared with people who have darker eyes.. . Rationale: I the case of light eyes, The sunlight goes straight to the pupil of the eyes since there is no dark colour around it to absorb a portion of it. For darker irises, it absorbs a portion of the sunlight so not all of it goes straight into the pupil.. . Comparable to the  principle by which football players are drawing black marks under their eyes.I've had this theory about where all this sexual corruptness came from originally.  The Bible states that "God saw that it was not good for man to be alone".  So He decided to make man a companion, a woman.  But before making His decision what brought Him to decide that it was not good for man to be alone?  I conclude that man (Adam) was having sex with animals, committing bestiality (a sin), therefore causing all types of abominations to be born on earth of which God in His infamous mercy couldn't kill them because they were part human and made in His image.  For Him to kill them would be contrary to all He is.  So he set these creatures (making sense of the creatures in Greek Mythology like half horse half human forms, mermaids and mermen, cyclops, etc.) out of Eden and decided to create Eve.  . . And while we r on the subject Homosexuality?  Where and who were the first homosexuals?  Common sense tells me that Adam and Eve had two boys who naturally see their parents having sex and animals having sex so they experiment with animals and Adam scolds them because God told him that it was not good for man to lay with animals but their carnal appetites had to be pleased and so they saw male dogs having sex with each other so they experimented and wo' and behold one of them liked receiving more than the other,  One dominant and the other submissive, Cain being the dominant one who was jealous of how God loved Abel more and Abel being the submissive one because he was younger than Cain the stronger from working fields and tilling the land.  How's that for a weird concept?Jesus might be an Alien.... . Hey you asked.That msn messenger was designed as the ultimate distraction tool prompting people to fail at school or their jobs creating a population of people who were smart enough to get higher degrees but didn't succeed and are forced to work in low end jobs thereby evening out the ratio of educated people to high end jobs.The Earth is rotating faster and faster as the days go by because 24 hrs isn't enough for me to do the things I have to do nowadays.The wirdest theory for me is that when people don't do anything and get bored...and don't find sense to live. ( I'm in that kind of mood right now,and I blame my self for it ) . . take care :)
Assimilation is adapting to be like everyone else.. . Accomidation is adapting just enough to function.  Highly recommended...let your freak flag fly!!!Cultural assimilation is when you take a cultural group of people and place them in a culture different than their own with the expectation of conforming to the new culture. Think of what the whites did to the natives. Accommodation is when the expectation is not for a cultural group to assimilate into another culture, but the newly exposed culture accommodates the other one. In other words, tolerance of the other culture, without expecting it to conform.Accomodation would mean that a different culture would accept someone's ways of doing things/being.  Assimilation is where that culture incorporates the other's ways of doing things/being into it's own culture.
Well consider facts:  93% of molested children know their abuser.. 69% fully trust their abuser.. 95% of child kidnappings are by someone in their family.. And 3% of all cases are of the type reported by CNN.. So this tells me the greatest danger to a child is not the stranger in the park, but the one in their living room.They look like normal people. Unless you observe the molestation happening, you can't physically tell. I doubt they were a shirt that says " I molest kids ".They look like anyone else.... often thought of as "the nice guy/gal" in the neighborhood.. . But you just gave me an idea!  Why not pass a law that requires a big, black "P" bet tattooed on their forehead before they can leave prison or jail once convicted?  Then parents could teach their children to stay away from those "bad people" and everyone would know who they are.. . I'm sure the ACLU would be all over my idea, given their propensity for protecting criminals at the cost of public safety,but I think this should be given some consideration.. . Best Wishes,. . SueThey are looking at your children weird and give you a creepy vibe.Normally, they're the one's having sex with small children.. . Other than that - there is no clear signal.Read Blink by Malcolm Gladwell. It will give you the basic skills to know important details when you first recognise them.
Check out: http://www.fhu.com  which has a type that is the only valid one that I know of.. . Don't use an Eastern type that has a mantra.just by concentrationBe careful with this.  Read, read read as much as you can about this subject.  don't get into the levitation until you KNOW you are ready for it.. . When you get to the point you start leaving your body and soul drifting, if you are not understanding the feelings in your soul over this, you can freak out pretty bad.supposedly.. you sit straight, DONT cross you legs, and put your arms down at your sides. relax your body (aka dont hold in your stomach or w/e.) and then take three deep breathes (inhale, exhale). then, think of a word. (possible words include Sunshine, Love, etc.. or whatever word makes you think peaceful thoughts) and concentrate ONLY on this word. and let your mind take you wherever it goes. and start out doing this for at least five minutes, and gradually work your way up to fifteen.. . i used to not beleiev in meditation but when i was taught this and i tried it it REALLY worked. afterwards i felt sooo calm. sometimes whne i have a headache or stomachache or w/e i'll do this for less than 5 minutes and the ache goes away!!
Well, it's a fairly long cycle. Here's an example.. . 1. The sun shines on the ocean, allowing phytoplankton to grow.. . 2. Smaller fish eat the phytoplankton.. . 3. They, in turn, are eaten by larger fish, like tuna.. . 4. Tuna can be made into tuna sandwiches.. . There you go!many ways, mainly the plants process the energy with photosynthesis and turn it into starches and sugars and then we eat the plants or something that ate the plants.its something to do with photosynthesis. anyhow the energy from the plants get into our bodies somehow and then they are changed to be able to be used in our bodies.Simply put: Radiant energy from the sun powers photosynthesis in plants, synthesizing carbon dioxide and water into sugars (which carry the energy). When we eat and our cells absorbs these nutrients, they are broken down, releasing the energy we use to power our own biochemical processes.LOOK  UP PHOTOSYNTHESIS. GOD BLESS
To me it shows confidence.  If you can't look him in the eye it often means weakness, fear, or deception.yeah if my gf couldnt look me dead in the eye id get the idea that shes scared of me. i, personally, wouldnt like that at all. other guys, yeah, they might take advantage of it.
macroeconomics is the junction of all microeconomics factors.. microeconomics is the relation between individuals and enterprises (wage, rent, interest, profit)... macroeconomics is the sum of a lot of  enterprises and a lot of individuals, that would be big enough to represent the economy of a city/state/country... don't forget that in macroeconomics we consider the government (tax, regulations), wich is not considered in microeconomics.Microeconomics is related with firms, companies.. Macroeconomics is related with all economy of a country.. . Micro means small. Macro means bigmy professor used an analogy to say macroeconomics is looking at the forest where micro is like looking at the treesThis is an Econ 101 question!
in·her·ent [in h?r?nt, in h?rr?nt]. adj .  basic: unable to be considered separately from the nature of something because of being innate or characteristic  . . Encarta ® World English Dictionary © & (P) 1998-2004 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.Natural to the object.. Fire is inherently hot.  Energy is being given off as molecules break apart, and that means heat is released.. You cannot have a cold fire, for that reason.. Heat is inherent to fire.running is inherent to the game of hide-and-seek. . it is when the thing is an un-severable part of something else.. . marriage is inherently complex. . basketball is inherently strenuous.
We see them in pictures, and express them in words which describe those pictures.... . Human language is like tunes beat out on cracked kettles not fit for bears to dance to, while all the while we long to move the stars to pity...Why? Becuase we want others to know something about us and what we think.  Also to get feelings and thoughts we have across to others so that we wont be alone.
Becasue Stone Cold says so... . . Dr BAd. or because i do ;-)why?...why not?...at the end of the day these questions only serve to point out to us how much others opinions matter...if they didn't we wouldn't need to ask at all and we would just do what comes naturally...no questions asked at all...;0)I chose to do it that way. If you don't like my choice, please find something more to your liking!why?. Because I can. Because it feels good....Because I felt like it.. . Why?. "tis ours not to reason why, 'tis ours but to live and die" - or something like that, can't remember the exact quote, or who said it, but we had it in English once, eons ago.why not?Why not? If it's something you want to do, do it. Don't hold back or have regrets - that's not the purpose of doing it. Wouldn't you rather do it then regret having never done it and maybe grow from it?Why ? Because its the right thing to do.  That's why.
not sure why you ask, you clearly dont have the brainpower to do so anyway...this question seems to be workingWhen people are mentally strong there may be no way.  When they are not there may be no need.Through "witchcraft" means?Put them down, list everything that is wrong with them. Insult them. My dad used to do it to my mom all the time when he was drunk.Why?  It is best to seek ways to keep ourseleves mentally together.Losing custody of your child often does it. . . A son or daughter involved in drugs
Plumbing and highways cost more than bullets. Old habits are tough to break. You're dealing with a highly tribalize, factionalized society.A kind of ethnic cleaning or historical revengein the first place it was not their Idea read your history. Cecil Rhodes went into Africa ,armed both sides and then set them at each others throats . then he went in and picked up the country very cheap,to get at the natural resources. Belgium,Holland did the same thing The USA,UN are still doing it.. . Africa has been and still is raped and pillaged from the outside . Wars are ignited and arms are supplied .as well as sickness is introduced to wipe out whole populations. the evil is coming from Europe and the USA,not from Africa. . As far as decreasing world population is concerned better look at home . ,Kissinger said at a Bilderberg group meeting in Stockholm in 1998 that the Agenda demanded a cut in the world population of 60%. and he represents America and the New world order and the Round tableThere is only one reason they engage in genocide.  They are evil.. . The very question is inappropriate and quite frankly, immoral.  By asking for a justification for that which cannot be justified, you imply that it can be justified.  In other words, you are saying it is acceptable under certain circumstances.  That is wrong and very much covers up two things....one is that it is never acceptable.  It is evil behavior.  And two, people engage in evil behavior because they are EVIL PEOPLE.. . Further, the implication is that you simply fix the problem by addressing the justification by other means.  That never works.  Instead, what is necessary is that you destroy the evil people....or at least take away their power and ability to commit evil.. . Evil is the point of what they are doing.  Only force puts a stop to it.  It is immoral to rationalize not using force because the only result of doing that is you debate and debate and debate various ways of fixing the problem while the killing continues.. . BTW, there is a specific source of this particular evil....marxism.  Wherever you find marxism in the world, soon follows genocide.  An effective way of preventing the genocide is to stamp out the marxism loooong before it becomes powerful enough to do this.. . One thing to beware is that one of the tools of marxism is to advance the same argument you have done here so that the good people of the world tie themselves up with useless debate and other nonsense while they gather power and start killing others.  You've been brainwashed by this technique as part of a specific conspiracy to prevent western governments from interfering with genocide.  The specific source of this was soviet mind control experts who cooked this up as part of the cold war (well documented in the archives Kruschev declassified).  It is important to realize what has happened to you....and resist.
because u ve got to understand the people feelings that become from chemistry reactionsLike any other science subjects,  the variables could be measured and duplicated in an experiment.Science is discovering and opening the unknown, and the brain is one of the deepest mines to convey.I don't know the answer for sure, but i would say because psychology deals with the complexity of the brain, and the brain is part of biology, and biology is science. Plus, psychologist have to do scientific experiments to get their information.the research is done empirically and scientifically... most of the researches conducted by psychologists involve laboratory work... to find a common pattern on how human think... and derive a theory that can be applied to all situation..This question gets asked on average, once a week. See the link below.
i've never heard that they did this . . .Not for long;at the rate China economy is growing ,hypocrites will switch camp.There are asians also living in Mexico too. i highly doubt they look down on the chinese, they are respected as everyone else is.Wow, they can actually tell the difference by just looking at them??well from my point of view, . . 1st in economic point of view,. Japan has the strongest economic(GPA) in Asia now. China is fast growing but it still has a very low GPA in asia. . 2nd in political point of view. Japan is practising open democracy where evryone has freedom of speech. China is praticising communism and the points of view of people are mainly censored (only political party is playing a gimic). . 3rd in social point of view. Japanese people are known to have high moral values among its citizens. Chinese also have high morals but only among a low percentage of their people has it...(in china)i dont think all mexicans are like that, but some might just be raciestJapan's economic ascendency in the 1960s and later definitely made them look quite respectable in the developing world, as it was evidence that a (fellow) non-Western country could industrialise.. . Also the Japanese make cool high-tech stuff, innovate and are regarded as polite to a fault.  The Chinese just make existing brands more cheaply.. . While you are at it, why do Chinese respect Costa Ricans while they look down on Salvadoreans?
NO, It's the SAME EFFECT THAT WEARING A CONDOM HAS ON SOCIETYIt effects our society by watering down the value of life.  If we can find one way of justifying murder, we can certainly find another, don't you think?yes, it can. While there are legit reasons for abortions most people are being irresponsible by not taking care of their own mistake. I understand that there are situations other then this but this is the case most of the time and this trait passes on. If you are in such a HORRIBLE situation where you just CAN"T POSSIBLY manage a child do not get yourself pregnant. SEX is not a necessity, it is a choice and if you make it , what happens next is your responsibility.Today, women receive safe, legal abortions in sterile environments attended by skilled doctors and nurses.  Before abortion was legalized, the "operating room" could be a filthy alley or hotel room.  If she was lucky, her family doctor might have been sympathetic and performed the abortion for the sake of her "mental health," or she could pay to go to Europe or South America where abortion was legal.  The last two options were generally only available middle-class and upper-class women because of economic reasons.  For the rest of us, there was the uncertainty of the back-alley abortionist.  Some of these folks were skilled and dedicated, and did their best to help women, like Vera Drake.  Others were more concerned with making a quick buck or taking advantage of the woman.  Some demanded that the woman have sex with them before procedure.  And, of course, things like anesthesia and sterilization were not used.  . . It is impossible to tell how many illegal abortions were performed annually in the U.S.  Estimates range from 1-2 million.  It is also impossible to tell how many women died from the unsafe procedures, because deaths from illegal abortions were usually not reported as such.  Ditto from how many women became dangerously ill and/or sterile due to abdominal infections.  Estimates range from 1,000 to 5,000 and up, yearly.. . Due to procedure being legalized, it is now performed under ideal conditions.  The number of deaths that occur annually with legal abortion is .4 for every 100,000 procedures (which is actually safer than childbirth, with 7 deaths for every 100,000 deliveries).  It seems to me that abortion has had a positive effect on society, considering that the mothers, sisters, wives and daugthers who would be dead are alive and well.No, not at all. How can one person's choice or action affect a whole society?It's ironic that the group that is, for the most part, pro-choice (democrats) is also the group that is probably losing a future voter every time a woman has an abortion. I suppose that could be a negative impact.I don't think so.  . I mean, I could see how people could think that way.. It removes the element of mature responsibility for one's actions.  It destroys a potential life.  It is against most religions to take a life, whether that life is just started or not.. I don't think it is a negative thing even though I myself don't think I could ever do it.  Situations will occur where abortion is the most viable option for some people and they should have that choice.  . It's an individual thing.  Allowing abortion effects no one except those who choose it, and I would say that it effects them positively.Abortion has degraded and under-minded children. Children have become nothing but accessories. There considered 'precious' when convenient, and nothing but a 'parasite' when not.what is this obsession with abortion u  seem to have??To all you loosers that think it is Ok to kill an unborn child because you are lazy and can't keep your legs together and because it is done safely in a doctors office your wrong.  There are many people who would adopt your children.  So by murdering those helpless children that can't defend themselves you are depriving those less fortunate people who can't have children.  So to all you lazy skanks, you will burn in hell.  So to answer you question, yes it affects society and for that matter mankind( I say mankind because it is the women that kill their own children) negatively.No...None..Unfortunately, it has taught society that we can eliminate anything that is inconvenient. I feel that it has helped create the idea that humans are disposable. I feel that abortion is just a bandaid to a problem that never heals and becomes worse with time. I think that it actually harms a woman more that it helps.i just wanted to add that abortion does not effect society adversely just as other medical procedures do not...what happens in our doctor's exam rooms does not effect what happens in the exam room next door - we all have our own  medical problems that we see doctors for and generally no two complaints are the sameThe long term effects of abortion are not mentioned very often by the pro-choice people, such as Planned Parenthood.  The psychological effects of abortion are sometimes referred to as “Post-Abortion Stress Syndrome.” These symptoms which include: becoming withdrawn, unexplained depression, guilt, and suicidal thoughts, to name a few, will usually occur within the first few days after an abortion and can last for a very long time.  In some cases this leads to drug addiction and alcoholism.  In a case brought to the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court stated: “The medical, emotional, and psychological consequences of an abortion are serious and can be lasting; this is particularly so when the patient is immature.” . . Another thing to mention is that many of the abortion clinics are free to their patrons...this is because our government funds these organizations...our taxes go to killing babies...how nice.
I'm not aware of any statistical  numbers and I have never personally heard of a case involving sexual delinquency but it is plausible given the child's tendencies toward directing their attention to one activity as well as their lack of social skills. Children with Aspergers tend to have difficulty interacting with peers in an appropriate manner and I believe it would possible that symptoms would manifest themselves in the form of sexual delinquency as the individual matures.hi . not sure, i belive it could be common. sexual needs having to go through a disordered thought cloud might come out the wrong . does this make sense ?Ask the doctor at your next physical examination. Just say--"Hey doc! How common is sexual delinquency in Asperger Syndrome?" Hell, ask the dentist !
Because we all have different personalities! Thats what makes the world go round!Genetics, lifestyle and environment =)
Alan Alda would be really disappointed in you! Cowards always try to kick the groin area, so I would wait for him to make that 1st move, then I would counter and it would be over!Analyze the situation.  See if he is armed.  If he is, move to disarm him.  If not, strick for the groin, eyes, or kidneys.First move is to kick him where it hurts the most, or aim for the throat.  You want to disable your opponent as soon as possible.I place my hands together in a reflective pose, to make them think I know a martial art & am praying for them.  Hopefully, they'll run off.
My daughter wet the bed till she started puberty. We tried all the medications. The thing that worked the best was to cut off her liquid intake after 7pm (her bedtime was 9) and waking her up at midnight to take her to the bathroom. Her problem was that she was sleeping too heavily and her body didn't react to the signals. There can be physical reaasons why a child wets the bed though like a too small bladder so talking to her doctor is highly recommended.Well, cut her drinking at a certain time and make sure she goes before she goes to bed. Another thing is to not discuss it. It causes more stress about it, and that can make the child pee in her bed. I remember I was a bed wetter and my dad used to remind me every night to not wet my bed. Then one night he forgot to remind me and I didn't wet my bed. It ended it.. . Good luck.All of the advice is good.  To ease the anxiety/shame, use nite-nite pants so accidents are less traumatic..its psychological.  there is plenty of information on it  and remember its not there faultGive her nothing to drink 2 hours before bed, and wake her as you go to bed and make her go then.go see a doctor she might have bladder problems and dont let her drink anything 30min before she goes to bedYou didn't mention his age. If 5 and up, use a bedwetting alarm. Don't bother with alarm clocks, waking him at night or restricting fluids.... Bedwetting alarms are the only cure for bedwetting and will potentially eliminate YEARS of wetting. . . If he has sensory issues, consider the recordable Malem bedwetting alarm that allows you to record a voice or other sounds that are more acceptable to him.. . Please at least read about the alarms and make your own informed decision. Alot of misinformation is given out here.Limit liquid intake, and try to discover the source of her displaced anxiety.  Maybe she feels like she is responsible for your problems or your displeasure, or maybe she feels like she isn't good enough.  Maybe she is afraid of a bully, or something else.  Maybe is is biological, and she has bladder issues.  Go to the doc and eliminate the physiological explanations first, then if it continues, seek short-term counseling (for both her and yourself).  That's the best way you can go about helping her.
your answer is in your own question. you get hurt because you let yourself be emotionally exposed(vulnerable) to others. you open the door (your emotions)when becoming exposed(vulnerable)and in situations like that, the end is not always a happy one.....Is this relationship one that you feel or know is bad for you? Your heart may get in the way of what your head is telling you? Making healthy choices are hard for you? You just may be addicted to a toxic person or relationship. You already suspect something is wrong due to asking this question. Think about how you feel. Put compatibility, values, and honesty ahead of emotional attachments. You're happiness is important.Because we put up barriers with everyone else. Those we let in only have to flick a wrist to hurt us. The others would have to set off a nuclear bomb to cause a scratch on our hearts.what? that is booty, thats not true, maybe for you and the weak, but for the smarter people, even in the rare chance youre vulnerable, its with your most trustworthy family member or best friendHuman nature........... . We girls/women love those bad boys who just run all over us. What is really sad???? We take their nasty attitudes and ways time and time again. It is like we are either drawn to them and/or just are too scared to do without them.. . Could it be the sex?????. . No one will ever know the real reasons why we torture ourselves. Perhaps we are just gluttons for punishment.. . Uuuugghhhhh!!!!!!!. . My apologies on my response, I have based my answer on the assumption that you are speaking of a male. . . Please correct me if I am wrong, by placing a comment in the appropriate area.
a ball of yarn and a crochet hook! Crocheting helps me relax and get my mind off  of my frustrations.breath heavily and take a step back, count down from ten, it works for me everytimethere's always the usual- punch your pillow till the feathers fly. lol. but i prefer writing in my journal and listening to musicMusic. Hawai'ian music helps a great deal. Go to your Happy Place!
some kids get so hooked into games that they never want to stop playing them, and they think that they are all they need. its very easy to get caught up in a game and never want to stop. also, if a kid is too into video games, they can be shunned by their peers, they are seen as outcasts because they dont ever get to do anything with other people because they are always playing games.Look at grand theft auto. Games that are so violent the the children do not now that it is wrong.Antisocial -no. Unsociable - yes, if they receive more enjoyment from the video game than from personal interactions with people.I don't believe this. I have a son who is now 19 years old very intelligent. Working and soon to start college part time. If anything the games allowed him to open up to others. This is how he made most of his friends. And how he was able to be more communicative. I have on many occasions used the games to show how ones actions can hurt or benefits self and others. I believe the ones who become antisocial have other personal issues within the home place and family. Not just the games. This of course is just my opinion.
Your personality is formed by the time your about 5 y.o.  You can only change things about yourself if you absolutely try damned hard.Thru the magic of alcoholPersonality Development is a very vast topic. . 1st of all u need 2 have confidence in u 2 reach 2 that fullness or in simple words self-confidence.. Secondly, learn 2 laugh at urself. It helps u a lot. Don't feel bad if others laugh at u.. Thirdly, always remember that each one is a special gift of GOD. Never underestimate urself as many others r there around u 2 underestimate u. That's d "funda" of my life.. Try 2 follow these steps n u'll c a change in u. 1 more thing is 2 have a positive attitude n just get going.ALL THE BEST.Building up one's personality involves something else than answering for a question like yours.. . I can give you the list of personality building icons -. . -determination in every walk of life. -self respect brings a glow on your face. -self confidence makes you face the life on the whole. -healthy thoughts keeps you away from unwanted thoughts. -wearing a smile on your face makes the people around you to .   think that you are at your best in turn you will feel that you are .   facing a best day of your life.. -hardwork would reward you with success. . so on and so forth.........Five dimensions are involved in forming the human personality. These are:. .     1) physical self, 2) energy self, 3) intellectual self, 4) mental self, and 5) blissful self..     Well-integrated personality is the sum total of harmonious expression of these five dimensions.. . Physical self relates to our senses. Proper nourishment and growth of physical faculties is essential by way of balanced diet, recreation, music, and care and concern from near and dear ones. A simple pat on the back for any achievement in life goes a long way to build up confidence. However, discretion and discrimination are the key words in this regard. Otherwise, there is every chance that senses would create havoc by way of infatuation and attachment to the sense objects.. Energy self is somewhat subtler than the first. It relates to metabolism and the gross manifestations of energy (Prana), for insatnce the act of breathing. The control of Prana is achieved by control of anger, anxiety, and restlessness.. Intellectual self concerns with discriminative power and knowledge, what we call "buddhi". In addition to sincere and formal studies, reading other books like biographies of great and noble persons and invigorating literature helps us develop this faculty.. Mental self is related to stress and psychology. Here selflessness, control, concentration, and calmness of mind plays essential role.. Anandamaya Kosha or blissful self is the function of state of being. It calls for remaining calm and unaffected, nay to remain happy, in all the frivolities of world, in neck break competition and struggle, in calamities and disasters, in suffering and loss, in failure and success.. . The five fold method to attain to such state of heightened perfection and purity are a) self-effort, b) self-control, c) self-reliance, d) self-sacrifice, and e) self-knowledge. Next, a practical program is needed to make this 'intellectual gymnastic' real in our lives. The simple action plan, to start with, consists of daily physical exercise for ten minutes, reading good literature for half an hour, sincere prayers for two to five minutes, and meditation and yoga for about ten minutes.. . Concentration and Meditation. . Meditation or dhyana comes after 'dharana' and before 'samadhi' as per the eight-fold practice of Patanjali Yoga. Yama, Niyama, Asana, Pranayama, Pratyahara, Dharana, dhyana, and samadhi are the eight aspects.. . I feel the main emphasis should start from Pratyahara. It means withdrawing our internal sense organs from the external sense objects. For example, our sense organ of taste runs after tasty food, which is sense object; pratyahara means not to allow the sense of taste to succumb to such temptations. The same should be the case with sense of touch, smell, vision, and hearing. We should be able to control our senses. This is a form of conscious detachment of mind from the objects of temptations. With practice, pratyahara is possible.. . Next is dharana. It means trying to concentrate the mind on one thought or idea or form of the divine. (The mind would fail to concentrate on that which is not divine, and in a short period of time one will lose all interest in the yoga and in one's attempts at meditation.) Concentration of mind produces the feeling of truth in what one is concentrating upon. Thus, we get feeling of existence or truth in the idea, the thought or the form we are trying to concentrate upon (gradually of course).. . By nature the mind is restless, chanchal. It does not want to stay fixed on one object or thought or idea. It wanders here and there. Many thoughts crowd our mind and we feel that we shall never be able to fix it on God. Moreover, many unwanted thoughts spring up from nowhere, and further put the sadhaka in get turmoil. Dirty, passionate, and evil thoughts come from our subconscious mind. There these thoughts lie hidden as samskaras. These are of this birth and many past births! Therefore, one s1st of all every one is gift of God, u shuld know who u r and wht u want to do, smiling face always looks good so be smiling, check for the clothes which really suits u, may be it casual or formal. ............yoga is the other thing tht keeps a man betterDeveloping personality is directly cornected with ones attitude, interest and intelligence but not enitrely by physique, though it has partial impact because appearance too counts.  Interaction with the people in an intellectual manner and discuss realities rather than exposing for the time being to temporarily please someone.This is a very strange question, if you think about it.  What is it to CONSCIOUSLY develop ones personality?  How would this be distinguished from being phony, dishonest, a fake?. . Personality develops naturally as we imitate those we admire, pick up ways and habits and opinions and style as we gain experience.  If you are trying to do this consciously, you must have an idea of what a "developed" personality is like: what is  your ideal, that you are trying to develop toward?. . There is not one "right" personality, with all the rest of us are just trying to match up.  There are different personalities based on what naturally fits a person, or where a person has fit himself to circumstances.  For example, you can become a very quiet and shy person if every time you speak up, you get in trouble.  On the other hand, if you are one of those "squeaky wheels" that gets a lot of grease, you will naturally develop a very different personality.Take acting classes.Take a deep breath and try to understand what you are? and what you might be?.  Then find out your shortcomings and solve it.faith is the only weaponTake a personality test. See where you are at presently.
Isn't it the pits to feel this way...I know...I use  to do it too! Just relax and you will see as I did...sometimes they are busy with other things, but it doesn't mean you are forgotten. Pick up a new hobby that keeps your mind from wondering about what your friends are doing and pretty soon they will be wondering what you are doing because they havn't heard from you. Hope it all works out for you... just relax, you'll see it's all cool with 'em.It is the curse of being a woman!!!One possibility is that you may have some sort of disorder that is characterized by "overthinking". However, I am NOT a mental health care professional, so do not take my word for it. If you or someone close to you is worried that his is the case, then I suggest you see your doctor about it. If not, then just RELAX. I sometimes go without seeing some of my closest friends for a month! Mayber you need an outlet for all this frre time you seem to have to be worrying about things that don't exist. Read, go to the movies, work out, join a club, play a sport, get involved with something, somehow to get your mind off of everythung you're worrying about.The way I handle over thinking or ruminating or anxiety attacks.  I think positive thoughts to replace all the negative one. I have to be consistent as they keep creeping back into my thoughts. But the positive persistence eventually replaces the negative. It took time to reach the over thinking point, and it takes time to overcome it. Basic thoughts like it's not that bad, things will get better, I can get past this. Think of your favourite dogs ear to ear grin. Just the act of smiling changes our moods as it triggers memories that made us smile.The overthinking you describe  is negative imagination. First an imagined scenario is created, then the mind  stays focused on one pointless & unreal but disturbing possibility after another. . . Common problem ; the mind out of control is one of the most common afflictions of human life. It starts with letting the mind stray into the imagined future(or the long gone past). When  the mind is focused in the NOW, the present  moment, there is no way for the mind to be disturbed in this manner.. . Meditation in all forms only takes place in the NOW moment.. . Practice focusing in the NOW, in the present moment,  using any meditation style you choose. It's very important to practice every day to have a lasting benefit. If you do this, very soon you will see what I mean.. . You will start to notice how when the mind drifts to the future (or the past) that you get tension in the body - muscles start to get tight, your stomach feels jumpy, etc.etc. When you  live in the present  moment, there is a space in which you can also start to unwind the tension of the body, relax the belly, breath deeply, drop the shoulders, etc,etc. . . Training the mind is just like training a muscle; at first even a small weight feels heavy. With practice, the mind (or the muscle) becomes stronger and can do more with better control.. . I've sent some links that ought to give you some ideas.. . Good Luck!. . ;-)the harder you try to stop, the worse it is going to be, maybe you just need to relax a bit, here is a positive to it; if you except the worst that can happen then yo are much happier if it's not true, and when it is then you already prepared for that, it may hurt a little lessIts all about mind over matter,  it will take some time to overcome this. It just depends on if you can catch yourself in the act of thinking, and when you do you just have to tell yourself to stop. If you keep doing this then eventually you will quit all togetherOpium is very good for this sort of affliction.THAT'S A GREAT QUESTION AND WHEN YOU FIND OUT THE ANSWER LET ME KNOW.  I don't have a problem with worry, but I over examine everything.  I think, think, think which is best, etc.  My mind is always running in high gear!Just slow down. Try not to let your thoughts spin out of control. When you start going crazy like that, take deep breaths and eat a little piece of chocolate.I am also experiencing these kind of thoughts manytimes. I think this is a kind of negative thinking. One advice I got from a spiritualist is that we doubt that which is positive and we don't doubt that which is negative. So his advice is (whenever you have a doubt) "Doubt the negative, accept the positive" or "Doubt the doubt".get your mind off of it by doing something else read wright or movies visit more friends sometimes people get involved with other things it ain't always what we think the worst is its just life hang out with your self is the best thing you can do some times
The social science that deals with the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services and with the theory and management of economies or economic systems.The study of how limited resources are distributed amongst unlimited wants.the study of how the economy works and what goes into determining the price levels of products...two levels to it: one is microeconomics which is the study of more specific parts like how markets in a particular state function...& macroeconomics which studies the function of the economy of the nation as a whole.. . the subject dips a little into business here and there...It is the study of how people organize themselves and the resources available to them in order to satisfy their needs.
YOU ARE ASSUMING AN UNDERGROUND ECONOMY IS ALL BAD.   IT'S MY BELIEVE AN UNDERGROUND ECONOMY MAY BE A NECESSITY IN AREAS WHERE THE GOVT IS CORRUPT.Underground economy exists because laws and regulations do not allow it to exist above the ground.. . One way to "demolish underground markets" is to legalize the currently-underground trade.  When Bayer was making and selling heroin along with aspirin (by the way, Heroin, just like Aspirin, used to be a registered trademark of Bayer), no one got killed over drugs; they could be bought in any reputable drugstore...  There will be plenty of political opposition to such a solution though...To balance the inefficiencies of the formal economy.There is an underground economy because many people do not wish to reveal their incomes to avoid taxes or because the means in which they acquire it is illegal.  Drug dealers have not been known to do their taxes.  I think it is nearly impossible to demolish the underground economy.
i don't know, so I'm going to answer with a say by director Louis Bunuel "there's no difference between something that we dreamed and something that we really experienced in life, because we felt both, strongly". hope it helped....Some dreams are so realistic because they are interpreting something rather it be from your conscious or the past or future. Some dreams make no sense yet some make full sense. Some people actually really have visions which can be in a dream but they never realize it until that time comes when they remember the dream as soon as they see it in reality.I am not an expert at dream analysis or anything, but I definately know that some dreams are very realistic. What I do know is that when you are dreaming, you are in the stage of REM (Rapid Eye Movement) sleep in which our brains seem to be most active in the dream state. 80% of our dreams and nightmares occur during REM sleep. . . Throughout the day, our brain stores millions of data. Your brain uses this data to create stories later in the day. Some people do dream in color, others in black and white and some people don't dream at all. When we dream in color the people, places, objects, etc. do seem very real. . . I am not sure how to go about answering your second question. Maybe dreams come true because life just turns out that way. Could be because you believe so strongly that something will happen that what you want to happen will actually come true.Time is not real when you dream. In other words, you mind can actually fast forward your dreams where you can dream literally days worth of happenings in hours. Ever wake up like 20 minutes before your alarm, fall back asleep and have a dream about something that would take way longer than 20 mins and wake up before your alarm goes off? Anyway, generally the most vivid dreams are the ones you have right before you wake up, so they almost seem real. . . As for why they become real, there are many reasons. One is that we dream something up, and subconsciously make it a self-fulfilling prophecy. Secondly, our dreams are manifested from reality, so it's possible that you went to bed thinking of something, and your dream ran through one of the outcomes (coincidentally, that same outcome happened later in life). Because you think so fast, you can run through a lot of different outcomes, and therefore it is more likely that this will occur. Finally, a lot of people have deja vu's, which is when your right brain and left brain take a different amount of time to process info. It seems like you've seen it before, and you're seeing it twice in fractions of a second.well some dreams are realistic because when you think too much about certain realistic issues during the daytime, during the night you will still dream about the same issue as your brain has overstressed thinking about it during the day... why do dreams become real?...as we think a lot about certain things to happen, we try to make it happen..what is visualized in your dream is basically your intentions in doing something...(this case applies to normal people). . well there are also cases where people claim to have sixth sense..who knows? maybe you do have sixth sense?Because you or your subconscious minds made them real.   It depends on how you projected in the dream.  If you are a person who is full imagination.  Yes, they can be very real, but they are actually your subconsciouis mind working at nightDreams occur in your brain, so you see real things, so those your brain (not all the time though). Your brain can store what you see when you are awake and just replay them, or even distort them (and there are many other ways your brain can interpret the infomation you recieved everyday).. . In the same notion, it can become real because while you don't know,  the unconscious part of your brain is trying to solve problems that you have and figure how to do this and that. Then it might show you how to solve the problem as a dream. It's something along those lines. . So the elevator you take to your office, your brain knows it too and it may occur in your dreams, which may be a phenomenon to you that you dreamt something you didn't actually see, your brain is really a sponge that absorbs everything and sometimes can spit out scenarios or solution to you in dreams that may seem like it's predicting the future.. . Or I can be wrong and the brain does have the power to predict the future, but that hasn't been proved yet.Well, I can answer the first part: Some dreams can be based on things that we've seen recently.  For instance, if you fall asleep watching something, you'll probably have a dream about what you just saw.  Or, if you leave the radio on, the last dream you have (before you wake up) will probably have some part of what you were listening to in it.
We are living in what the Bible calls "The last days".  God tells us that in the end times  people's hearts will begin to wax cold.  People are beginning to get more and more self-centered, willing to do anything it takes to get what they want, and a lot of the time, that includes violence.  I'm sorry to tell you this, but things are going to get a whole lot worse in the future before Jesus returns.. Make sure you are saved and Jesus will come back for you before things get unbearable.people become more selfish to their lord day by day...it's the reason.they forget their principles.Ever wonder why the news media has to go around the world to report the violence? Perhaps, because there is so little to report!. . Only an ignorant fool would think the world is more violent today. Today, in the United States you are safer than at any other time or location in the history of the world. To deny that violence happens is not correct either. Today, the violence is honored and fanned by the multi-media. It is made of ever greater importance so they can sell their product/publication(s). And worse still, they do not report the news today, they report their agenda, opinion and propaganda. Not a hundred and fifty years ago, news, any news, could take months and months of time to get to anyone. And, just imagine also all the news you missed that never got to you. Today, you can get the news from around the world in an instant. Only the speed of news coverage has changed. Rest assured the uglyness of man never rest and will visit those who do not heed that uglyness. That you don't think it could happen here is also ignorant foolishness. . . You live in a nation free from daily terrorist bombings. You live in a nation free from political thugs who kill 30,000,000 or more of their peoples (by the way, don't for the greater millions they also thugged and tortured and did not kill). You live in a nation who has health care. You live in a nation you can breathe the air of freedom. You live in a nation where your chance to become anything you want to become is yours for the effort. You live in a nation where you can obtain an education - not so in many other nations. That this was given to you to enjoy by the blood and death of other Americans citizens should give you pause to think. . . What you better wake up to, that because other nations and peoples have had their chance to rule the world and failed, it is their jealously that brings their hate in our direction. We are busy learning and caring about other peoples and their cultures all the while they are channeling their hate to bring this nation both harm and terror - this, recognize the evidence of 911 and other events. You better recognize also many of these people not only hate us - they want you and me and everyone else of this nation dead. . . The fact is, we have a nation of leaders who are afraid to lead. You want to feel safe, give those who gives us their unearned hate something to really hate us for. It is because we are non-violent that this nation is perceived as weak. That perceive national weakness invites their aggression. That our leaders have no testicles makes them less as leaders. . . Just this last week, a friend of mine in conveying a thought apologized he was of family stock that others would describe as back country ignorant 'hicks'; I reminded him that it was back country hicks and city folk who kicked British and French butt out of this country in the creation of this nation. They have earned their right to live and enjoy this nation. Such is the power of the collective individual participation, and that participation created a nation. To create this nation it took violence or today we would all still be living as oppressed British subjects subject to the whims of arrogant Kings and their royal greed and harsh cruel oppressive tyranny.. . Let the world know, that all it takes is a push of a button to eliminate their hate and warring - and do it once or twice, may make them quell their hatred; that is if there is anyone left in their nations after you pushed the button. . . I am all for letting other people and nations live the way they want to live, but when they bring hatred and the elements of war to my door step - I will defend myself, my family, my home, my town, my state and my nation. Let the world know if they hurt anyone of my nation, they hurt me, I will respond with a speed and fury never seen on the face of this earth before. The way I see it, if any nation and its people don't want to live peacefully with the otheThe answer is that people are less spiritual, empathetic and humanistic.  More and more people are concerned about themselves rather than their fellow man.  Creating peace in your immediate environment doesn't seem to be a focus anymore.  We live in an evil age. We should definitely try a different approach and try to be better people.  We are all human beings and we are all connected.  Once people realize this fact, the world will turn in a positive direction. Everyone on the planet has the potential for good or evil.  It's a choice we make every minute of the day.It is due the the declining moral values and lack of family structure. As a footnote there is a seirous lack of education in the world today as well ........It has to do with the genetic flaw in human beings.The world is becoming more violent every day because of the fact that Jesus is comming soon. That is how the bible describes the end of days. It will only get worse before it gets better. Infact it won't get better LOL ya its going to get worse here on earth. The ones who believe will be gone and for them it will be better.
It leaves you feeling helpless.When I am discriminated against, it just makes the chip on my shoulder even bigger.I wont answer this b/c peolpe like you are imcompitant.  . How des that feelGreat question. I can't answer from personal experience, considering I've never experienced discrimination. In my opinion, it doesn't affect self esteem. It only instills anger and therefore causes more racism. But i'm sure those who have been discriminated against have some sort of insecurities.Discrimination only affects the self-esteem of those who don't have an understanding of the behavior of the discriminators. :-) So it's only fair to say, that many people are in fact becoming educated towards a better understanding about those who discriminate.  . . For instance, to develope a better understanding to those who live under such circumstances are being made to understand that those who choose to divide, or attempt to isolate other cultures, genders, class, religions, etc., are in fact acting out their own low self-esteem with their own "learned damaged behavior".. . Those who are affected, probably lived through it most of their lives and have not yet been properly educated that it's not about them, but rather it's about the discriminators themselves. :-)
This happens to everyone, especially when ambushed. To minimize this you develop a assertive position and learn to speak your mind. You will lose friendship you don't really need, and gain respect of people you shiold have as friends,and know that those that parted friendship, will still hold respect for you. This is a balanced travel over the narrow walk.LOL,I,m the oppisite,I,m to Quick sometimes,and truet me girlfriend,your better off being your way!Do you Know how many times my come backs have gotten me in TROUBLE!LOL!Way to Many!be Thankful for the way you are!HollywoodThere are very few people in the world who don't experience this!  If someone's giving you a hard time, buy yourself some time by looking them up and down slowly with a little smirk then say what you want to say - the thinking time will stop you blurting something silly, and they'll think you're vaguely amused by their stupidity.Same happens to meAngel face, I think a lot of us a like that.  Can think of a really clever and witty answer ages after an event.  It all comes down to experience I think.you need to practise quick thinking, eventually you will have and give the answers you mean to give. Take a few seconds to think before you speak. Most times the best answers are enough to shut people up and leave them speechless.Thats what I do! I think of a good come back or reply hours later and I really wish I could go back in time and say it. i guess we're just a little slow!I know what thats like. It always happens to me too, like when i get in to a fight with my bf he is so good at arguing and a whizz with words that i just end up storming out cause its the only thing im good at and then afterwards i always think oh i wish i had said that and why didn't i say this. But its just the way it is some people are better at communicating quicker than others.i think its cool. you have time to thing b4 you talk. its ok.I believe that you can train yourself for when the need arises.  First, watch shows like Jon Stewart/The Daily Show or Friends (even if they're annoying).  You can borrow some of their snaps and you'll learn how to construct snappy comebacks of your own.  When in doubt, just act like the person insulting you is beneath you: ignore and/or walk away, like they don't exist.  I like David Spade's line in "Tommy Boy": "Are you still talking?"Its a common thing - don't worry about it.Go and gain knowledge first, by reading, observing.  Less tv please, because tv is passive.  Work on building your self-esteem by dressing a little brighter, with colors, learning to walk confidently (gentle swinging of hands, keep the head on level ground, with a lilt to your stride).  Get into more experiences with your friends; learn to look at them when they speak, at their body language, facial cues, to determine the tone they are speaking in; it takes many years of practice daily for you to come to a point where your knowledge is no longer power; the wisdom or timing to use it(or not to use it, depending on the context) will set you free to be alive!Isnt it something to do with which side of your brain dominates your thinking.  One side means quick witted and the other causes a problem in expressing your thoughts.  xx
Through a psych principle of de-sensitization...watch or experience enough violence and such and the mind simply refuses to engage in empathy any more because it is too painful.  It is a learned trait.. . This is the main reason why there is concern about violence in media that children are exposed to.  What would be headline news causing nationwide outrage in the 1950's (whose population rarely were exposed to graphic violence in any form of media) is so 'ho-hum' in todays world that it would scarcely warrant a back page of the paper column in the local paper.I've never been able to watch someone suffer and feel or do nothing. Myself, on the other hand - sure. Life wasn't much fun for me as a teenager. I didn't have great contol of my emotions, so the only way I could get a handle on them was to just block them off. I remember having a major fight with my mum some while after I started doing this (I would've been about 16, I think), and I cried. Then I got out a pen and paper and wrote about what a weird experience it was to cry, as if I was watching someone else do it, and getting the feelings second-hand.Some people suffer from mental illness and do not have any abliity to feelI believe the most common method for American men is using alcohol. It's a depressant, a number.you cant and shouldnt turn off your feelings. its not healthy. keep them in check, but you still need to deal with them, and act on them. Keeping it inside will just make you lash out in the end in a negative way.u just ignore ur feelings to get away from that feeling u dont want to feelSelf-control.. keep in mind your self preservation
Well there's many reasons. Let's first start with the people that are lazy because someone else will do it for them.   And  then there is medical reasons be it deficiencies or psychological,like people who get depressed and find no "joy" in anything they do so they do nothing or  we can not forget the ones who may consistently get put down when they try.. Breaking the habit is situational..... you first try to get whom ever you speak of interested in getting up into something they enjoy. Then as they gain self esteem they may broaden their horizons and reach out more to doing other things. However some people are just gonna be lazy....Called home training....you always must go to the "source" and ask them .why? and what would make it change?...that's really where you start. Hope that's useful!!!!!!!!!!!! Now get up off your butt and go do something....lolI think that people become lazy because their life gets to become so boring. People do the same thing every day and if they put a little change into their life I think they would start to do more. I think habits makes people lazy. Now, i'm not saying all habits are bad but to throw a loop into your life every now and then will keep you in your toes and prevent you from the same things every day.Some people are given everything and never have to develop traits of motivation and tenacity.  They don't know how to push themselves to do things that don't appeal to them and when they do begin something, if they get tired, they quit.  For some people in this instance, it really is not their fault.  The people who trained them to be this way are to blame.  ( This is only one instance, this does not apply to everyone that is lazy.)You might have HIV...when there's lack of motivation?Why: because life isn't exiting anymore.. How. be active try new things. be outgoing:)Perhaps some of us are older,been there,done that,burnt out ,had a hard experence,sickness ,and motive to move on is not there. And without motive is like a car without a motor.how: repeating  the same routine day after day. why: repetition can be boring, thus causing lazinessNo action, to much on the mind that how its happened, if there was something really cool to do all the time then we wouldn't be lazy but things are just to boring, some people can't stand still for more then an hour but most prefer laziness because it does give you time to think about things that haven't crossed your mind for some time.They're not lazy. They are laid back. Why should we tell them to get a job? Jobs are overrated.Someone or something has taken their joy. People need a reason to go on. Give them a purpose.Lack of motivation. It could be from many different reasons. . eg:   weight gain, lack of $$$$$.         lost of a love one.         demoted.         etc..etc.... How to Break  em?.         new environment, therapy, change in daily habits, appreciate life, there are many people out there who are less fortunate..         new friends with good influence to motivate them that they could do  better in life than just sitting around. win a lotto...lol
Seven quarters equal one and three-fourths, not one and a third. . . Back to school with you, kid.BECAUSE YOU OBVIOUSLY THINK YOU HAVE LESS MONEY THAN YOU ACTUALLY ARE HOLDING. pERHAPS THE APPLE IS A DOLLAR AND THIRTY-FIVE CETS AND YOU BELIEVE YOU HAVE A DOLLAR AND 33 CENTS.
That happens to me ALL the time. The through out the day i will randomly remember bits and pieces of it.. its very weird.When we dream our subconciouse mind reviews events and deals with problems that are too big for your conciouse mind. Have you noticed when you are having a big fight with someone, and you sleep on it, the next day you feel a lot better, that's because your subconciouse mind reviewed the insodent, and worked through it. I can't explain how it works, but that's what your mind is doing when it's dreaming.  You cannot get rid of your dreams, if we could there would be so much MORE repressed anger in this world, because no one could soart through their problems.. . You are not suposed to remember your dreams, if you do, then it has GREAT significant importance. Something you need to deal with right away. Most of the time it is burried so deep in our subconciouse we don't even realize there is a problem going on.. People often get that confused, they worry when they don't remember dreams, and relax when they remeber the weirdest dream. It should be vise versa. If you remember the dream, that means the problem is so big, your subconciouse mind cannot sort through it alone, you need to work on aspects of your life.when that happens to people, it usually means that you will have alzheimers when you are older. i would just stop dreaming all together if i were you, mister!My husband told me that when our entities and our angels or overseers (given to us by God; they're spiritual beings), when they are trying to tell us something about trying to improve our life in order to be selected and placed in God's elite. I think subconsciously we all remember our dreams because we feel some kind of difference sturring up inside of us.. I also agree with danksprite420.omg that annoys me so much!! i think we just lose some of the thoughts if we were in a deep sleep and then we wake up, we lose them in the process.You are in an altered state of consciousness.  Just imagine if you have ever blacked out from alcohol, or if you have taken any other drug that made you forget the next day.  It basically is the same exact idea.Same happened to me too... I was clueless of what I've dreamt of... So? I guess many have the same like us?The dreams you forget are the ones you had earlyer in the night.  The ones you remember are the ones you had just before you wake up
good question because we're all hard headed and ego driven creatures.  and our egos lead us we become selfish.Evolution has programed us for survival. Human beings will only get along if it fits our immediate needs, the minute our success or survival  or that of  our children are   compromised we become very nasty. As world populations increase and resources diminish and we are competing for the same space and same goodies the world is going to become even  more unfriendly. I share you desire to "just get along" but unfortunately it isn't going to happen.Because, people are so judgemental about how you look. Wether you are skinny or fat, Short or tall. It doesn't matter people don't like how you look or don't look. That is why people can't get along for the most part.SOCIETY DOES NOT WANT IT TO HAPPEN-GOVERNMENT- IT WOULD BE TO PEACEFUL FOR THEMBecause it is human nature to fight. Even when people are protesting for peace they themselves are fighting.pride, greed, sloth, gluttony, envy.... . for a startDeath is your gods way of telling you that you need to slow down. As long as there are human beings of different cultures one will think that they are superior to the other and will go all out to prove the fact.. I agree that it would be a better place if everyone got on well but i doubt it will happen in my life time.The all mighty creator wanted to be entertained; and, he thought violence would amuse him. Thus, he implanted our minds with things that would cause us to have conflicts with one another.I DONT KNOW ASK KRAMER........CUZ this is life...There is GOOD and BAD..if we all get along then life will keep on going like this..never ending. . Its not that I dont want it that way..but unfortunately thats life, and actually as time passes , the idea of ppl getting along becomes weirder... . GOD help us..Some people just don't want to. With some a life without drama would be boring. People need to focus their minds on other things than nit picking, picking on, getting attention by using, using, or playing the alqha male or female with one another.because we are all sinful fallen beings in need of a Saviour.  Our nature is corrupt and we are selfish at the core.  We use civilisation to tryand cover it up, but alas, history speaks for itself.  Man is in dire need of Jesus Christ...
I think we dream about things that have recently been on our mind or in our conscience......Dreams usually try to help us through something or help us figure out a way to handle or deal with something.....The Brain is just a mother board of electrical impulses.. Just like this computer we are both working right now!. . At night before we go to bed we can put this computer on "sleep mode".... the computer is still on and without us touching it will run all night until we awaken and touch the first key. During that night our computer (Brain) will have processed and imported to our memory banks a lot of information...from the Internet.. When we touch that key in the morning we immediately are faced with a lot of choices on a lot of information. Do we delete or do we store for later use this info.?. The same is true of dreams...wee may put our Brains to sleep for the sake of a healthy body every night. But it doesn't mean our thought processes have been shut off! So during sleep our ever active and creative minds can turn on or off all those all those subconscious thoughts stored in our memory banks...the Brain. Turn on or off to what ever is available in our own personal "Internet" and it's endless personal "banks" of information"...do you get it? . Hope this helps you get your own insight from your memory bank.Your brain does'nt decide,sweetchildofmine, but your eternal "soul" may pick any dream it wants. Just another pathway to find who you were oringinally and who you were destined to be.  Just another "hero" amongest "heroes"
infatuation means you are focused on a certain person, to the point of ignoring ever thing else. It is reserved for human relations.there are 3 meaning of it. . 1.Foolish and usually extravagant passion or love or admiration.. 2.emporary love of an adolescent. 3.An object of extravagant short-lived passionInfatuation is a psychotic state of mind where the victim projects his or her fantasies onto another person, ignoring reality and all evidence in the pursuit of a hormonal high.. Sometimes infatuation can morph into love, but rarely. More often, it results in self-destructive or simply destructive behavior (see "Romeo and Juliet" by W. Shakespeare).It's similar to falling in love with love, or love at first sight thing, EW. Good enough, yes?
People buy the 'organic' food because they are ignorant and easily misled by nice, flashy propaganda.. . I am from a farming community, although I now live in a city.If there is a health benefit, I have yet to determine it, I don't know if the cost is worth the little benefit, it is still transported by conventional methods, handled by dirty hands etc.. . Non organic produce is as likely to be washed, cooked, etc in the same way as organic produce, it is these processes that will eradicate any organisms on the food.  . . I think on the whole it is a way for someone to make even more money out of gullible consumers,  people buy it to be trendy,rather than to be healthy!It's probably better for my health.  Definitly for my daughter's.  And it does taste better in my opinion too.. . Sometimes i wonder how it's produced. Especially if it hasn't got Soil Association marking on it.  Lidl's sells organic now.  Theirs is from the EU.. I grew up in Belgium.  Vaguely remember pumped beef (growth hormone scandals) when i was a kid.  But i won't pay the price in the supermarkets, maybe if Lidls can do it at decent prices i will.. . What influences me buying it?  I won't buy it in Morrison.  I can't get myself to trust it.  All the non-organic food looks too perfect.  No logic behind that though.. Main thing that's wrong with conventional food to me is additives.  If i buy organic sauce in a bag it really don't matter that it's gone lumpy in storage.  It sorts itself out when i warm it up.  And i feel a lot happier since i'm using eco friendlier toilet cleaner.  Costs me a bit more but if it keep the seas cleaner it's in a good cause.. I'm aware of the Soil Association's strict requirements to get approval but sometimes i do wonder if my organic corn pasta has not been genetically polluted.  I buy local sometimes.  There is a reputable organic farm just up the road and they stock the local wholefood shop.  . I got a horticultural background and i'm not too ignorant on farming methods.  It's scary too think of conventional farming methods too much actually.  I think root vegetables and potatoes store the most pesticides as such and i do buy those organic most of the time.When it comes to produce like organic food, buying decisions are rarely affected by price.It is strictly marketing and food fads. It has been proven that a lot of "Organic" foods including free range eggs are not really such. Some people would pay more if they think they are doing their bit for the planet and their health.the only true  organic food is if you grow it yourself, i don't trust  supermarkets they can say any thing is organic, i no there are people policing it , but not to strictly, if a supermarkets can get a way with defrosting Turkey and selling them as  fresh, any thing goes to make money. so grow your own it takes a bit of time but it is worth it  to go into the garden or allotment  and pick your veg  fresh. it cost less than organic.did you know that apples have 32 different kinds of pesticides sprayed on to them and that chicken is literally dipped into anitbiotics and bleach. oh yeah organic is worth the extra cost. most people just don't realize how their food is really prepared. They should make a documentary on that. Just like Supersize me and Fast food nation and the junkfood ones.i like to eat organic, as do a lot of people in the west, however mass production can mean a decent meal for those who cant afford to be so fussy.Organic food has taste. . I live in the city but used to have a kitchen garden.
The term means all other factors equal.  This is used when creating economic models and things because there are so many variables impacting the economy.  To create an economic model to look at a particular issue you would go at whatever topic you are exploring and change one varialbe while assuming all of the other variables are unchanged, so that you could hope to find the effect of that one variable, knowing in reality that all of the other factors are not likely to remain unchanged.ceteris paribus.  All other things equal.
Yeah i got your point. Im in middle east for 5 years now.. . Muslim women wears diffrent kind of clothing to cover their selves. Not necessarily to cover the whole face and hands.. . Some Muslim women dressed like nuns, simply because the idea is to hide their body to men's eyes and not to provoke any sexual senses.Not really. I mean yes, both woman are covered..but nuns don't cover their face unlike muslim woman.H-e-l-l-o-o-o-o, I don't know where you've been looking, but nuns do not  wear that cloth over their face.  If you find nuns and Muslim women's dressing strikingly alike then perhaps you need your eyes examined sooner than you think!  Look again.ITS CALLED MODESTYThe catholics are the copy cats with the new and improved "habit" now with a heavier finer fabric that hangs and flows nicely.. . The Black Veil, in the Roman Catholic Church, the symbol of the most complete renunciation of the world and adoption of a nun's life, she and forever forswears the world and its pleasures.I feel it is a modesty thing.  They are trying not to call attention to their bodies by covering anything that may cause men to be attracted to their bodies. Look at the way we dress, it compliments our body and makes it appealing to the eye.   I feel they are covering their bodies out of respect for God or their husbands.It is obvious that both factions are expected to exercise the same amount of humility and servitude.  Anyone with an iota of salt in his/her head can figure that.  Neither one of those outfits is meant to make one attractive or even interactive, on the contrary, they serve the exact opposite purpose to cover up and to repel.
You know, I have a degree in Archaeology and I'm not sure.  You are right there are three classifiable "races" in terms of human skeletal remains, being Causasoid, Negroid and Mongoloid.  Indians are classified as Asian, I would assume then that they would be Mongoloid.  However, Indians (I assume those from India) do not have epicanthic eyefolds, this generally is what classifies races under Mongoloid.  Those from the Middle East are classified as Caucasian, therefore probably Causasoid.  (If your using "Arab" to classify only those in the Middle East).  But Arab is anyone who speaks Arabic, so that's even more broad.  Some living in Africa could potentially be Negroid.  This webpage has information about the classifications...http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caucasoid,_Negroid,_Mongoloid,_Australoid,_CapoidThe same category every other human being belongs to.loooooooooool!! y is this making u think so much? Maybe u r an indian or an arab. anyway, it doesnt matter. i dont think they belong to negroid or mongoloid. (although some arabs belong to negroid like some people from Sudan) anyway, i think most of them belong to caucasoids. am not sure!!!why would it matter ?They belong to the human race. I thought those classifications were phased out a long time ago. When they were in use, they wree classified as mongoloid. But seriously, why is this important?I think Indians and Arabs Would most likely be mongoloid because they are part of the Asian continent.Some are decendants of the Negroid race, others are decendants of the Aryan/Caucasian race. Please read the Wikipedia link below. It has an in depth description of scientific analysis that has been done on this subject. The true Aryans came from an area between the Northern province of India and Persia (modern day Afghanistan and Northern Pakistan). . . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aryan_raceYou need to do more research. Hint. We are all from africa. We also sailied across the pacific 1,000's of years before columbus.( who had a map by the way and was a pirate and a hired mercenary) Some of us crossed a land bridge from Russia.Russia is connected to ....Hmmm, if you mean indians from india, thats one thing, if you mean indians as in  native Americans, thats something else. And Arabs are anyone who speaks Arabic, so that could be any one of the three. This question seems a little ill conceived, but what would I know? I thought they stopped using these classifications for living people and only used then on skeletal remains as a forensic tool. I double dare you to go to Chinatown in New York and call an Asian person a mongoloid, or go to Harlem and call a black person a negroid. Bad things would most definitely happen to you.the features are caucasian, mostly...  also the skin colour is burnished...CAUCASIANS!! Most of Northern Africans and Middle Eastearns, arabs and Iranians, have dark skin but they have caucasian features and is valid. Not all caucasians have light skin. But you can find also arabs and iranians very white to even blond and blue eyed.
This will sound cliche, but it's true. Academic success to me is defined by you knowing that you tried your best and the grade you recieved is truly as good as you can do. If you have to make excuses or find reason for yourself then you werent successful.Academic success is having good grades as well as a well-rounded academic experience (extra curriculars).Looking forward to going to work.when you get out of school and their screaming for your talents at the same time you are surprised you've been discoveredIn my opinion, its fulfilling or exceeding your potential.. . Say for example you have two children.  One has a maximum potential of straight A's and the other has a maximum potential of straight C's.  I've always thought that if the kid with the potential of the A's comes home with a report card of 3 A's and 3 B's, and the other comes home with a report card of all C's, the kid with the C's should be given more praise.. . Some people are just gifted and can breeze through school and become a brain surgeon.  Some people need to bust their butts just to get an associates degree.  I'd consider the later of those two a bigger success.. . Call me crazy; just my opinion.Ph.D.To me academic success is studying hard, always studying, gaining degrees after degrees, then finding a good paying job that uses your certificates and knowledge.  I have seen many academics who fail miserably at life.  They are terrific at their job, but they have spent so much time trying to succeed in this area that other areas of their life have been ignored.  Academic, means studying facts, theories....it doesnt mean instant success.  I think there should be a good balance between academic success and personal success.  A lot of academics are not happy people.....so they may be academically successful, but they sure as hell are not life proficient and dont know how to be.  I think you need to speak to the wives/husbands of these "academic successes" to find out whether they consider their spouse a success...I bet in the majority of cases they would consider their spouse to be a failure at life and what it throws at us.  I bet they have many of their needs unmet their entire lives.
you are absolutely correct, pussycat dolls have nothing to do with female empowermentAbsolutely nothing.Absolutely nothing. They are victim feminists; victims of their own stupidity and ignorance. They probably feel very powerful now, but thats only because they are attractive. A personality and self image based on physical attractiveness is bound to be broken one day and all it will take is one snide comment from someone she is close to or whose opinion counts (like her breasts are starting to sag, or shes got wrinkles around her eyes.. you get the point) and she'll be whoring her ass off or snorting or both just to feel a little better. Ask them how powerful they feel when they are at 40... I would really love to know. Its just sad though how many womens lives they ruin by such behaviour.Well, to them being able to seduce men and dress like sluts is empowering because they have complete control. That isn't what female empowerment should be about and woman like those are setting horrible standards for young girls.nothing. they are the new Spice Girls. . . .well, yes and no.. I do not remember anyone saying that they empower women. The Dont cha song is a stripper song and they basically are silly women who can spread their legs while singing.. -sorry, they just are so silly*sigh*. some women think that kind of thing is empowering because they can act however they want to and not be confined by the strictures placed upon them by society. they dont conform to the socially expected norm.. a lot of prostitutes and porn stars have this same view: they can choose what to do with their body and it is therefore empowering. they control the situation. . . i dont agree with it, but i can see how they thinkThe sad thing is they are what the public wants or allows.  These women are not worried about others they are making a ton of money. Most of the time women that do things like that really confuss being a strong woman with the fact that all they are doing is being lusted after. The sad thing is we as a society teach this to our young ladies ,apperance has always been a main topic for young women, only now days apperance has turned into a lack of clothing.haha exactly, theyre going to get more and more women raped and abused.....bunch of whoresAbsolutely nothing. You're not missing the point, they are.Sex appeal can be a very power full thing when you use it the right way.. not to be a slut but to make people think that if you needed something it wouldn't be that hard to obtain, i mean that's usually how they kill really big mafia men and stuff like that in the CIA they send in a sexy woman and she blows his brains out.. so yeah you can use sex appeal for more than just being a slut. -k-
I presume your in school.  Talk to your guidance counselor.  They will intervene for you.  Not in school talk to your pastor.  Good Luck!!!!!!!!!You shouldn't have to convince your parents you have depression.  Maybe that's why your depressed.  You should just schedule an appointment with your doctor, if you can't do that and you are still in school, then you should talk to your school nurse or the school counselor.As others here have stated, I don't think you can.Tell them what your symptoms are and that you need to see a doctor. Then let the doctor tell them.Talk to your school nurseyou don't convince your symtoms will show thatconvince?  i don't think depression is something you try and convince someone of.  if you are feeling depressed, simply ask your parents to take you to the dr.  from there, tell your dr that you are feeling depressed and need a referral for a therapist.
WAIT UNTIL YOUR CELL PHONE RINGS.People should learn to do what they like as long as it's legal.Maybe you could photograph beautiful women for magazine or agency. Make much rubles yes?It has it own secret way! =)Just keep doing what YOU want to do, and doing what you love to do, and it will one day lead you to something that makes your "life calling" so clear. Sometimes, one interest leads you to another, and that is how you're supposed to find it, so don't feel discouraged if you can't really tell what you are supposed to be doing right now. Maybe you still need to go through some experiences to give you a certain outlook or to lead you to something you NEVER would even consider at this current point in your life.Be adventurous and try to experience everything you can.  One day you'll do something and just know.
Sex addition runs a lot deeper than just needing sex.  You are trying to fill a hole with something.  In your case, it's sex... with some people, it's food or alcohol or drugs.   If you were married, you probably wouldn't me.  It can ruin your life.  What you really need to do is find out what the bottom line is.... were you abused?  not that uncommon for abused people.  Maybe going to a counselor to talk would be a step in the right direction.That thing inside you that wants to have/ think about sex constantly is an ego... That has to be alienated in order for it to leave.  Obviously you've admitted its needs to go.. now it just needs some will power. don't let yourself have sex or watch pornography etc.until you feel that you don't need it... after that you will begin to enjoy it instead of HAVE to have it.aren't there meetings you can go to for these things? . . do some kind of research, get to the cause, get to the root of the problem, and work on breaking free from this addiction before it is too late.. . act NOW.I would suggest finding a therapy group in your area.  Professional help sounds like your best bet.If it too excessive beyond the point that youimagine trees have skirts on, you need to go for a therapy. Thinking about is sex is normal, addiction is not.If you are not married get married quick!!Go seek professional help. Only professional help can get rid of addictions like those.
It has more to do with the weakness of the US$ generally than with anything Australia-specific. Look at the A$/euro exchange rate to see what I mean.Not an overall answer, but a couple things:. . Higher interest rates in Australia would raise its value, mainly because it restricts inflation.  If the US dollar loses value faster than the AU dollar, you will be able to buy more US ones for each AU one.  . . Strong currency makes a countries exports less attractive, and make foriegn goods cheaper.  If a country wants to stimulate its export sector, it weakens its currency.  China and the US had been having a race to the bottom, but China quit.
Because Cuba has a two tier economic system, Cubans get the local cheap rate, Foreigners get the Foreigner rate. Blame Fidel.It is because of her economic system is based on command rather free market as such the relation with other developed world is poor so to export her production is questionable and investment rate is also slow down.
It can be used as part as "reminiscence therapy".  Stirring the senses often stirs the memories too!i guess by association - you associate certain objects, scents or sounds to people or places from your past.
Play sports and  take public transportation at night.  After a few  slaps from life you will wisen up.do you have ADD?. I mean, that's what might be the problem.move to a city. It'll make you street smart by neccesity. You learn things real quick when your safety depends on it.I would start with a notebook and pencil.  Find some location and sit down, write down everything you see, hear (general sounds, not every word), smell and feel.  Note down everything that registers.  Try doing this once a day, picking different times and places.. . Get up early and start with your back yard or bedroom.  Then add to it.  After a week or so, try it without the note book.  When you pick your first place of the new week, just make a point to mentally register as much as you can.. . You should notice as the second week progresses that you are picking up on more and more.  If you still feel challenged, extend the notebook exercise by another week.  See how it goes.. . If it goes well, move the exercise to the next level.  When you are focusing on a project also try to pick up on your surroundings.  When you are done or taking a break, write down in your note book everything that registers outside of your project.  Did a telephone ring?  How many people walked by you in the library?  Who were they?  Anything you pick-up on.  Try this on a regular basis for a week.  Then try it for a second week and see how it goes.. . Good Luck!Maybe a pair of glasses is the remedy. Otherwise, make yourself notes and stick it everywhere you can to remind yourself. This will eventually condition you to be more of what you want to be.
It makes themselves feel smarter. Idk why but it does.. My grandpa always repeats himself.. He thinks hes a genius :]If he never asked you if he had said anything like this before, then two possibilities come to my mind. 1. He is quite forgetful. Or 2. This  may be a sign of a possible mental illness. Either way, I strongly urge you to get this person to have a psychiatric examination. I hope my answer helps you.My husband does it all of the time. It usually happens when he is concentrating on something or when he is really excited or upset about something. Drives me up the wall!  I think it's because he can't stop thinking about something, so he has to say it to try to get it out of his mind.
Would you rather us Christians to just pray for you but not say that we are?  I'd be flattered to have someone pray for my problems, even if I wasn't a Christian.No you are not the only one who experiences or notices that Christians are so closed minded--not just christians-but in answer to your question:  I am a christian-Not-Christ.  I feel-Yes we should want and do pray for those in times of trouble and in times of well being!!  And I feel the only judgment there should be is by God-Jesus!!  No one has ANY authority tell you .  that your BAD or UNPLEASING TO GOD and THEY ARE THE AUTHORITY TO GETTING YOU THE HELP YOU NEED.  Of course I believe in praying for those I know are having difficulties in there life.  We need to call upon God in good and in bad times.  I you "choose" to speak with someone , the only advice you should get from a christian is to: referr you to bible scripture, wish you well and pray with you or pray for you.  I don't like the way in which you said a christian typically respond.. . I recommend going to God- reading the word of god, but if you feel that is not you at this point-that is okay, but you don't need anyone insinuating that you are worse off than they are--they have to answer to God for the way they are treating you!. GOD LOVE YOU!!!!!!!   AND I HOPE THIS IS HELPFULThe difficulty is that Christian teachings, especially in Southern Baptist churches, take the Bible literally. When you do that, you get a bunch of stock beliefs from church leaders. Look at the link in my source list for a great example of one of the answer mills.. . Many of the people you are referring to believe that they have all of the correct answers.. . Take care,. Troyits hard for people to show their emotions through internet. they just don't know what to say, and they probably don't have the time to type it all down either. but there is always the possibility that they really ARE close minded (no offence). it all depends on who's answering and their level of knowledge towards that subject, that's allI'm sorry, I just can't accept that ...I KNOW I BE LEAVE THAT PEOPLE ARE MADE THAT WHY PEOPLE ARE VERY JUDGMENTAL BUT KEEP IN MIND NO ONE IS PERFECT NO NOT ONE. IS ALL PART OF BEING HUMAN (BEING JUDGMENTAL) BUT SO YOU KNOW I AM A CHRISTAIN AND I AM VERY OPEN MINDED  WE HAVE TO BE IN THESE DAYS AND TIME CAUSE WHO KNOWS REALLY WHO RIGHT AND WHO IS WRONG NO ONE ONLY THE MAKER,  SO WHEN YOU NEED SO ONE TO TALK TO THAT WON'T JUGED AND WILL KEEP IT VERY REAL FEEL FREE TO HOLA OKWhy are so may members of mankind so un-accepting, That is a very hard question to answer in a simple manner. But in my point of view many members of mankind have a very hard time accepting themselves, Which make it even harder for them to accept others member of mankind, that think and sees things in a different perspective.. And many of them are seeing mans in-humanity to man for the first time up-close and personnel find it a very hard thing to take. As for most Christian who truly know that they have God in their lives finds that what mankind does to its self totally un-acceptable. When they know that having in God in their lives have made their lives a lot easier to deal with, and they can't seem to understand why is everyone is not dealing with God when they fall into troubled time. That does not make them bad people it just makes them different. And the fact is, when they say I will pray for you,  It is a good thing on their part. I am not asking you to do anything you do not wish to , But I am asking you to be a littler more tolerant and understanding when it comes to dealing with people that see things differently from you ok. And remember they are not the enemy they are just people that wish that this world would get better. Have and great day........i am feeling that you really cared about the things taught to you in school.my question to you is:when is an education complete?only when you have an opinion.i see it too and it drives me crazy. i hate how most of the closed minded people seem to b christian, again not all, and how they try to force their ideas on others, especially cuz im an atheist. i dont want to b changed and i wish they would stop trying but then again i see how they r just expressing themselves in their religion.I think that after eons of evolution, we have had to define our boundaries in order to protect ourselves.. . I think that the very traits that helped us to survive long enough to evolve to this level of existence are now the least understood and least accepted aspects of our character make-up.. . For instance, in many lesser primate groups, it is expected that each group strictly defines its membership, and that being ostracized could be fatal.  Perhaps we carry this basic instinct in a more subtle way and it is interpreted as stubbornness, bigotry, et al.. . Just a thought.  Cheers, and congrats on achieving such a level of empathy.I not only noticed it, I knew people were like this. Most people are dumb, so it's going to take a little while to get a good answer.
he/she will imitate that celebrity in every aspect.over-infatuation. . like if they have more pictures of the celebrity than they have of themself.. . or if they constantly talk about the celebrity for no reason at all
The psychiatrist have a patients with mental illness, while psychologist have patients who deal with normal people but who are stressed of the now day living and have personality issues that can be overcome by talking and suggestions of their psychologist.Basic or not, that is the correct answer.. Both can be as equally expensive, both can talk with you in a therapy session for an hour, but only 1 can prescribe medications.  That would be the psychiatrist.A psychiatrist will treat you like a doctor would.  He will do an analysis and then prescribe a medicine for treatment.  A psychologists will talk with you and try to help you with your problem through therapy, discussions, etc.  Not just prescribe a medicine.What's to understand?  They treat different aspects of mental illness.  An psychiatrist treats the biological part of mental illness, most commonly with drugs.  A Licensed Clinical Psychologist (I say this because other types of psychologists and anyone using terms like therapist and psychotherapist are NOT QUALIFIED to do this) treats the psychological basis of mental illness.  A Licensed Clinical Psychologist is a PhD in Clinical Psychology or a Doctor of Psychology who has taken that state's licensure exam and can use this legally defined term to identify themselves.It may be basic, but it is definitely the answer.  However, it might be useful to think of the ramifications.  A psychiatrist has been trained as a physician first and has then gone into psychiatry as a speciality.  Their medical training makes an impact on how they view their patients, how they conceptualize problems, diagnose, and develop treatment  plans.  A psychologist has basically trained in the area of behaviour (clinical psychologists study HUMAN behaviour) and are usually trained as both scientists and practitioners.  They do not come from a medical perspective in how they view and ultimately work with their clients.  One is not superior to the other and they can work together with good results.  But their training and backgrounds differ and these differences guide their practise.
Take a deep breathe when your going up there in front of the class but before you do this rehearse your what you are going to say it will make things much easier. I would always look at one of my closest friends or pick a couple ppl out and so that your not looking straight down and don't feel so nervous friends do wonders sometimesCheck out the web site for The Stuttering Foundation of America.  Their brochure on using the telephone can be adapted to speaking in front of a group.  Click on "brochures for all ages" to find it at www.stutteringhelp.org.  Toastmasters is a good group to join for practice speaking in front of a group.1st, know what your talking about and 2nd know that most everyone suffers this anxiety and are relieved it's you up there and not them.Oh dear practise as much as  u can because practice only makes perfect.I guess it's a common phenomenon in many people.To succeed u need to confident & saying to yourself that am the best & that must do it & I can do it!!. It will happen at times u'll feel your ears becoming hotter & u began  to stumble. So u need not to be in a rush in delivering  your speech.Or else try to focus on someone in the class as if u are addressing to himself.Take a deep breath whenever you feel like you are stammering, and remember to speak slowly... even when it sounds like slow motion to you, it is normal to other people.  And really the only true way to get over the fear is practice.  Try reading your speach several times in front of a mirror, and tape yourself talking so you can hear how fast you're going and what words you need to enunciate better.  Then try your presentation in front of a parent, sibling, friend, roommate, etc.  And if you can, after practicing with one person, get a group of people together.  Just remember, everyone in class feels dumb and nervous just like you, and you WILL survive.  Just keep practicing and sooner or later you will feel the presure subside.  . . Good Luck, and sorry there really are no quick fixes for this one...but I know you can do it!well, friend..my advise to you is look at other things whenever you are presenting..for instance,when you are presenting try focusing in other objects such as the picture behind of your class, or the fan, or visualise that you are alone in the class..human mind have great powers, as you focus you can make everyone else disappear from you sight.. trust me it works..for me too..haha..good luckwrite your speech and read it aloud many timesi have the same fear, speaking in front of ppl, it comes with experience and volunteeringTo overcome this problem, first of all drink some alcohol then go to class, u will surely get energy and confidence. Do this for 3 or 4 days.   after 4 days do'nt drink and go to class normally but this time u r feeling confidently and in this way u overcome ur anxiety for whole life. but do'nt make drinking as ur habbit but drink if u need this in next class alsoBy speaking in front of the class as many times as you can.  It will become easier and may even become enjoyable.  I went on to be on the debate team and do extemporaneous speaking in high school.Take a class in public speaking. It worked for me.You can try speaking in front of the mirror....consider the mirror to be your class and then speak.....practise it as many times as you can....it will boost up your confidence level and when you finally speak in front of your class just concentrate on what you have to say and forget the rest.......this is the best you can do to get rid of ur prob.....you can also try a little meditation.I don't know the immediate solution, however, my brother said that when he was in college, he took Public speaking. He was scared to death and in the end he said it was the greatest class he ever took and it's helped him overcome the fear of speaking in front of others. Years later, a very close friend told me the same thing, he took public speaking and it helped him overcome his fears of speaking in front of others. Both agree it's the best thing a person can do for themselves and they say it wasn't bad at all.
yeah, you don't have a degree in much really with that. You might be able to be a school councelor, but that's about it.ofcourse a psychiatrist... isn't it a sexy job ? sexy..... oops that's on the screen..... . any ways do the job that makes you happy dude.
Worried about the changes you go through as a teenager....I think there are bad air, as they say in the place you stay. Too stress also can get bad dreams. Parents dream about their kids, coz they care too much of them, they are always baby to them.Spirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your FREE dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly. Just remember where you posted your question, your dream interpretation will be under the same section.They sound like classic anxiety dreams.  It seems like they might be worried about your wellbeing.Your mom needs to understand that when she dreams of you and your dad, she's really dreaming of some aspect of her own personality that conveniently has your face on it. Mud in your mouth means you think you are having a hard time putting your thoughts into words.I've had horrible dreams where I've made a big mistake by saying something to my mom I shouldn't have, and I really regret making this irreversible wound, and then I wake up and I'm SO RELEIVED that the dream wasn't true.. . I agree with the other answerer, they're worried about you as you go through changes. Death symbolizes change when you dream of your own death, I'm not sure what it means if it's another person dying, but certainly they're worried about you.. . It's fortunate you have parents who care.Are you doing anything that makes them worried? Well, even if you're not, they'd worry anyway, because they're you're parents. You had a bad dream after you heard about their bad dream right? You had it on your mind that you'd dream something weird too so you did.Have you been a bad girl lately?its all about superstition!!!!! yes yes yes!!! u should convince ur parents that these things are not going to happen in real!!! u should convince them how much u love them and never gonna live them!!! and remember dreams never come true unless and until u try harder!!. ur parents think that these bad can come true but ask them "did their good dreams come true???" just ask them!!. Dream seen with closed eyes never come true!!!. Always remember!!We dream every night and we don't remember them.. once in a while we'll get a glimpse at a dream  and remember....I wouldn't take them serious...stress clauses to us to dream in abstract ways..here's a tip for remembering your dreams..eat a banana before going to bed..
For me, knowing when to quit studying was the key.  Enough is enough and no more cramming can be of any more help, wespecially if you are overly tired.  It's only an exam.....and that is the attitude I heald close.  Otherwise, I would tend to get anxious, and that just put a mental block on everything I studied.  If of age, crack open a beer right before you are ready to quit studying and relax!!!To help you induce sleep, you could drink a glass of warm milk an hour before your sleep time.. . To reduce anxiety, you could start studying a week or two weeks before, making summary or notes, to calm the anxiety of being worried for the exam.. . The other way to reduce anxiety is by having lavender aromatherapy. It helps you to relax.. . I hope it helps...Try not to think about it. Think about something else, even if you have to make something up to distract you. I do it all the time, and it hardly ever fails.one thing i have tried is that try to revise as many things as posiibe so that way u will feel that u no everything. so u wll feel ready and this time u will look forwrd to the examTake a walk aroung the block (assuming you live in a decent neighborhood and this isn't a problem to do at night) and then take a couple tablets of Vitamin B1. A couple 100mg tabs should be good. If you've got a light stomach, you could take it with warm milk, yogurt, oatmeal or anything really. . Cheers,. Hollyif you can, try taking some valerian root they say it is natures valium. you can get it from a health food store. it really helps to calm you down, and be able to sleep. . . google "valerian root"I just finished my second last BIG exam for school. What i did was just think about when i finish. The light at the end of the tunnel that should help you get through it pretty well. Or just pray to Jesus for him to help you get over the nerves and relax so that you can pass your exams with flying colours.If you want to get to sleep fast, perhaps you can try to listen to some music that you like (although preferrably the soft instrumental ones) and set the volume at the comfortable level. Then, 'analyse' the music e.g. think about the lyric, count how many instruments are used in the song and what are they, etc. I personally do this everytime I have difficulty to sleep.. . To reduce your anxiety, slow, rhythmic and sustained breathing will do. Inhale slowly and count from 1 to 10, then exhale at the same rate. Yes, I agree that not thinking about it will help also.. . Hope this will help you and good luck for your exam!try drinking and I'm not talking about milkdrink a glass of hot milk and have your rest... U are lack of confidence that is why u are so anxious.... have more confidence in yourself and beleive u can do it....Get plenty of rest the day before the exam.Eat light and reduce sugars the day of the exam. must be familiar with general content of the exam.   First, take the time to review the basic skills test and take the practice test several times.   This will help to remove any level of anxiety that one has before the actual exam day.Good luck!
If by "Gebrish" you actually mean "gibberish" then that's what a friend of mine has recently suggested that I might be talking about all the time - Pure Anomalous Gibberish "Nonsense".   And who knows, he might actually have a point.   The verdict is still out on that one. :-)Gibberish:. 1. meaningless or unintelligible talk or writing.. 2. talk or writing containing many obscure, pretentious, or technical words.. Synonyms:. nonsense, foolishness, babble, gabble, drivel, gobbledegook.
Imagine explaining the scars to your future spouse.meet new people, make good friends and stick around people.. find ne hobby ( it will keep your mind busy).. . ask for proffesional help, search feedback from people who went trough same things.. ask their advice, and... be strongYou need to talk to a professional.  What you are doing is causing yourself physical pain because you are unable to express emotions.  When you cut yourself you finally feel something - right?  I've talked to lots of cutters, therapy does help.there have been quite a few questions on this subject on here as of late. it scares me to think that so many are abusing their bodies to run from their emotional pain. i know it is hard. but you will have to talk to someone...anyone you trust in this matter. you need a real emotional release. you need to get to the core (root) of the problem that is making you self mutilate. this often can only be achieved my seeking therapy with a licensed therapist or other doctor. i hope you can do this. if money is an issue, most communities have a counseling center that offers free or reduced rates for those who qualify. good luck my friend. i have been there.You need help.my getting brainwashed and thinking a sword is a butterknife but vice versa way ud do us all a favorStop looking for attention, if you really cut yourself(because of pain) you wouldnt brag about it. Your just looking for attention and if you EVER wanted to stop you can just take the razor a way. Your disgracing people who actually have "real" emotional painlet someone take the sharp objects away.http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/self-injury/DS00775. Self-injury/cutting. Introduction. . For people who can't fathom deliberately hurting themselves, self-injury may seem shocking and frightening. But for people who do injure themselves by cutting or other means, self-injury offers a momentary sense of calm and a release of tension. Unfortunately, that's usually quickly followed by guilt and shame and the return of other painful emotions. And with self-injury comes the very real possibility of inflicting serious and even fatal injuries.. . Self-injury isn't a specific disease or condition. Rather, it's a type of abnormal behavior. It may accompany a variety of mental disorders, such as depression and borderline personality disorder. Because self-injury is often done on impulse, it's sometimes considered an impulse-control behavior problem. Self-injury is also known as self-harm, self-injurious behavior and self-mutilation.. . http://health.discovery.com/centers/teen/cutters/cutters.html. http://www.kidshealth.org/teen/your_mind/mental_health/cutting.html. http://www.kidzworld.com/site/p4217.htm. http://www.thehelpline.net/selfinjury.html. http://teenadvice.about.com/od/cuttingbranding/. http://www.webmd.com/content/article/53/61375.htmBecome an introvert and  let society's crap just roll off your back.sleepHide all of your knives.PLAY TETRIS AND GET UP TO 260 LINES AND THE BUZZ IS GREATYou need to replace the cutting with some other "healthier" behavior.  Try journaling when the urge to cut comes over you.  Draw the "cuts" with a magic marker where you would normally cut.  Take a COLD bath to get the "shock" you feel when you cut.  Hope this helps.  Overall, seek help from a therapist.Giggles u need to talk about whats really inside you. Dont hold it inside. Find a friend or family member taht you really trust and talk to them about how you are feeling inside. The cutting thing isnt the real problem, the real problem is whats truely bothering nd frustrating u from the inside. let it out please:(. If you found no one u can email me and talk about it through email. Im a good listener and i wont judge ustop and dull the knifeYou are a good person, realize it and pray.. God loves you and he wants you to have a purpose in life for good.. Don't be so angry about messing up, we all do, especially me all the time.. Wanna talk email me anytime, eg_ansel@yahoo.comEverytime you can't deal with the emotional pain and have to transfer it to physical pain break a finger then soon enough you won't be able to cut yourself anymore!Listen, what you are going through is very difficult, and its ok to feel scared, worried, and upset.  Your cutting on the outside is to mask the pain you feel inside.  Your cutting behavior is a choice that fits this specific need to deal with the feeling inside.  To stop cutting, the first step is to get professional help from a therapist.  Through the guidance and options provided by professionals, you will be able to develop new coping mechanisms to better deal with your feelings, rather than engage in cutting behaviors.  Consider enrolling in group sessions with individuals who also currently, or in the past, engaged in cutting and self-injurious behaviors. You are not alone, there is help available, and you are worth it.  Your quality of life, you internal peace, and your future is worth getting help.  Only you can make the choice.  Good Luck, and remember, you are worth it !!
Id : "You don't need a date anymore, you've already got one.". Ego: "Call and cancel with the friend, you deserve this!". Superego: "That might hurt your friend's feelings."Id would say... maybe I can get lucky twice!. Ego would say... oh, good, I'll dump my friend and take the other person instead.. Superego would say... that's not very nice! Stick with the original plan, and ask the other person out for next weekend instead.You must be writing this paper at gunpoint if you're asking here.  . Id: "Go with the hot one, [friend] will be ok with it totally.". ego: "Go with [friend], he asked you first and so he gets to go with you.". superego: "You should probably go with [friend], but if [desired date] asked you too you might want to just go stag and give the both of them dances..."The Id would say, go with the person that you really want to go with.  The Id is what stems from the most basic desires that are sometimes unconsious.  Therefore, if your desire to be with the person that you really want to go with is very strong the Id would drive you to want to be with them.  The Superego would say go with the first person that asked you because you already made that committment and to back out would seem immoral.  The Ego would be torn between the two, dealing with the contradictions of the Id and Superego's needs.  Yet, since the Ego is reality and has boundaries set by the Superego, it is most likely, the good friend would be the choice for the homecoming dance.. DeboraThey would all say the same thing because all three only deal with the self. "Yes, lets go." The alter-ego might inform the more liked one that he asked too late because it is the alter-ego that sees more than self in the world.The ID would say....Of course I will go with you, as you are the person I really want. . The EGO would say...I'd really like to go with you, can I get back to you on that?. . The SUPEREGO would say.... Sorry, although I would love to go with you, I already have accepted a date to the dance.
ok this is weird but true in my experience, ive been up twice 2 hav it done on holiday. right they put u under so much presure that when they tell u to do it u do it cos u dont want 2 ruin the show, i could hav walked away anytime but i decided not 2 cos everyone was on holiday and wanted a laugh so i just done it, thought the second time i went up it would work but it didnt it did makke me tired tho but probably cos i was bored lol xxi don`t know how they do it but iv`e always wanted to be hypnotised by one of those sort of hypnotist s who regress you into your past lives .That would be something if it worked don`t you think.When i watched it on TV the Hypnotist wasn``t saying anything much she was playing some Indian sort of music and burning candles and incense and that sort of thing.Do you mean Hypnotist as therapist or stage. . A therapist talks you into a state of relaxation and when relaxed give you suggestions to help you overcome something like smoking etc! If you really want to give up it works though number of visits varies>. Stage hypnotists just tell you to do something silly. There are only a certain number of ways to react and they know them! They target different groups to produce a certain result.Merely..........The power of Suggestion!I think it does have a lot to do with the power of suggestion, but also that people differ in terms of how "suggestible" they are.  I think it is also like the placebo effect:  people expect something to happen, so it does.  I think it also has to do with how easily people are able to slip into a trance-like state.  . . I guess I view it as an altered state of consciousness that is caused by 1) the hypnotist's ability to project a sense of power or expertise, 2) the subject's willingness, expectations and ability to enter an altered state of consciousness.. . --LisaJay. . http://www.EclecticDetective.blogspot.com
I inadvertently used reverse psychology today on my friend when I was like, don't ever go to yahoo answers, it's an addictive time waster. and he was like what? what's that? now I have to check it out.If you think someone will not listen to you and will not do as you say, then you say the opposite.  Tell them to not do what you want them to do.  Or that you don't care.  Problem is, you have to guess right that they will go out of their way to do what you say you don't want them to do.Just do the reverse of what people expect :)weel i done this last week when i asked my mate for a cup of tea. he was too lazy ( i was in his house) and then i said no its ok man dont worry about it, sit yourself down. he promptly got up and made it even though he knew what i was doing. i wont repeat what he called me. lol
My ways are, concentrate totally on the sensation of breathing. My mind will wander, I give it 2 seconds to wander and then bring it back. Over and over I focus more and more on the feeling and sound of breathing in and breathing out. I don't manipulate my breathing, just allow it to be. That's one way that's easy.I listen to music. When I'm frustrated and angry or even sad it would be rock or metal. It doesn't seem very calming and my mom will never understand it. But it really works!!I know how you feel, I've been there too.  For me I was going through a depression (although I never realized myself that I was depressed, several people approached and thought I should get some help).  My mind and thoughts only stopped when I was wrapped up in my work.  If I had any down-time... well, like I said I was like you.  I finally went to a psychologist as well as a psychiatrist.  I was prescribed 300 mg Well-Butrin.  It took a couple weeks to kick in, but it did help.  This worked for me but everyone's different.  Sometimes people are just stressed and they don't even realize they are.  If this is not your thing, then try joining a gym this has also helped relieve stress for me.  Good luck with everything :)After medical evaluations, try meditation.  It is wonderful.This is going to be hard... In such moments I am always thinking about someone special (my "Iris" :) ). I have always the same situation, the same questions, worries, answers, ideas, but somehow it is the only one thing here on Earth that deep inside  gives me hope and a little peace I need. Think about people you love, care... Feelings about people you know should rid your head from other problems, because you care about them that much that they can take all focus.Take one thought at a time,,during the day,,and think it through. We all need still time to gather our thoughts.Put everything in the right perspective,,like,,you can do what you can do about this or that & that is all,,then move on.I hope that helped some.I learned a technique from a hypnotist about 25 years ago.  Check into self hypnosis, it helped for me!  I think it was more of a training method to learn to relax and sleep, not really hypnotism.. When I can't seem to shut my mind off, I agree with the post on breathing, that really helps.  I start with thinking about my toes, and relaxing that part of my body, and working all the way through.  Usually by the time I'm reaching my arms, my mind is much clearer, and I've relaxed and can sleep.  Hope that helps!I think one simple way to meditate is concentrating on the point in your body between the two eyebrows called "third eye chakra", that is called meditating on third eye chakra. It reduces thoughts and it is also believed to develope intellectuality and intuition spiritually.
Stop looking at your sister!   She is not there for you to mate with.  If you think, she is, then you should seek help!  You are sexually attracted to your sister.  THAT, MY DEAR, IS FUCKED UP!  Do you want cross-eyed children?  You're trying to justify this feeling by remembering what happened in the days of old.  We are living in 2006.  There are plenty of women who would want a decent person.   Don't commit an act that will damn you in your own heart!  Past lives are nothing!  We are not in the past, we are in the present.  You are trying to justify your lust by comparing it to that of ancient past.  It will not work!  The truth has been told...Abide by it, or suffer the consequences.  It is your choice!Hmmm why dont you try word association on the key elements in your dream.. For example try the word "egypt" the first thing in your mind that goes with it.  Then try using this method to the other elements of your dream.  See if you can come up with something.
1. write a gratitude list. 2. help someone less fortunate than you. 3. read positive books. 4. meditate. 5. positive affirmations. 6. prayer. 7. exercise and healthy eating. 8. hug the ones you love every day. 9. give more than you get with out expectation of return. 10. make your life about loveAttitude has a lot to do with what you feed your head (TV, books, mags, web sites, etc...). Carefully choose what you look at ,listen to and think about.A good punch in the nosetorture usualy does itThere is no way.Maybe a slap :)...having a positive self-concept about one's existence. . ...to change another person's attitude, you need to win their trustthe word miraculous doesn't go with psychology...ask your question in the religion catagory.A bottle of Tequila and some lemons. Your attitude will change like magic.It isn't a miracle, it's defining how you react to things, and consciously changing that reaction.. . If somebody grabs your parking spot, you can either jump up and down on their roof, or just think, "She got there first, I'll get the next one".. Change the reaction.
Because of InflationYou're exactly right. We've been lied to by our government and economists into believing that the economy is good in order to trick us to spend more money to stimulate the economy. It's only common sense. If the economy is good then our supply and demand would have been at a peak giving businesses more buying power, therefore increasing the value of the dollar. But on the other hand, supply and demand is thwarted, then the value of  the dollar will sink loosing value to foreign investors and at the same time increasing their money value over the dollar. The reason is that our supplies become valueless causing cut downs in the work force and smaller and medium company going out of business. At the same time, you would have more people looking for work, and work would then be hard to come by. Good enough, yes?you just noticed that today?  where have you been for all of 2006??. . the US$ is low for quite a few reasons - conflicting economic policy, international reserve diversification out of USD's, political karma, a galactic trade deficit, gradually slowing capital flows into USD denominated assets, domestic economic conditions such as a slowing housing market and slowing growth, historically high commodity prices, and even more reasons than that including but not limited to speculative capitalThe trade deficit with China, and the most recent recession, has eroded the dollar.. by de-valueing our currency, our goods become more attractive to foreign buyers and investors. This is a necessary step in a strong economic recovery, such as the one we enjoy now.
Don't listen to them.  You have your own reactions to situations based on your life experiences which are different to the experiences of others.. . You can always politely say that you feel differently.  You don't have to give a reason.Tell them that you appreciate their concern, but that your feelings are your own and that no one understands how anyone else feels because they are not that person.  Tell them you just need them to be there for you and they don't need to say anything.. . Most people say stupid things because they don't know what to say.  let them know they don't have to day anything as long as you know they care.. . Best Wishes,. . Suetell them "thanks for sharing your experience with me" and just change the subject or walk away. they should get your drift. if not, be more bold and direct and tell them to mind their own business.Many people just want to feel connected and believe that if you feel connected to them it will help you in whatever the situation may be. Just listen, if you can stand it, and remember they are mostly trying to help you. After they are done, you can decide what to do with what they said. Forget about it if it wasn't in any way helpful to you. Let them know how you feel about the situation. Maybe a different perspective could help them and talking about it could help you.Maybe they think you're having trouble identifying your own feelings and they're trying to get you to understand what you feel and they're doing the best they can.  . . If they say, "you're angry because of that thing that happened!" it's your job to say, "well, I'm not so much angry, as sad..." or whatever.  They're trying to communicate with you. You have to help them understand you.  If you aren't in a frame of mind to do that when they're analyzing you, you have to learn to ask them to back off and give you time to understand yourself.  I find it also helps to let people know I need help understanding, and that throwing labels at me makes the process more difficult.Usually it's disingenuous, directed, and empty. How much importance does naybody really put in what a flunky has to say anyway. Lies have a stink all their own.Experienced this before. You can try to find out your facts to the situation, and find out their facts that make them think the way they did. that's what someone told me. present what you know or feel calmly, and politely to that person, and explain clearly why you feel differently(you can do it with the help of the facts that you gathered). Tell them in a firm manner that you will think over their advice, consider the pros and cons, make a decision, and not let them force their ideas on you.Although people go through somewhat the same situations that cause pain society seems to think we do all go through the same exact feelings.  But as u say we all don't and no one has the right to assume that my pain is exactly like urs because it isn't and never could be.  My pain is my pain and u can't have gone through the same exact thing because it is me that this is happening to and I may or may not be able to handle it the same way u handled it or in the same amount of time.  Some of us never stop grieving the events that cause us pain we just hope to grow past them as well we can.  Hope u go through whatever u r going through with as much peace as possible is that better for u?  God bless.
a person or thing that departs from the norm is deviant.Deviant behavior is any behavior that violates accepted social norms. Thus, it's culture-dependent. What's deviant in one culture may not be deviant in another, if the social norms of those cultures are different.Deviant behavior is intentionally against what is normal with the specific intent of being harmful and/or depraved.To be sneaky or not on the up and up.I think murder is pretty deviant.  But what if everybody in the world did it?  It would be so mainstream that you'd have to be a real loser not to be killin' folk.  But, then if everyone killed everyone else, there wouldn't be a frame of reference to judge anymore!  So, I guess the answer to your question is: what's good for the goose is good for the gander!  Is that how that thing goes?  I forget what we were talking about.  Anyways, it's cool to be popular, wheeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!Deviant really just means anything that falls way out of normal range.. Did you ever take statistics?  You know there is a standard deviation, and anything more than three SD's away from the average means there is a significance?. Well, usually, there is, but nowadays there are so many cultures in one spot that it can be hard to figure out what average is, let alone what is deviant!!!. But linguistically, we mostly use it to mean that there is something wrong with the thing or person that is so darned different.  Too bad we seldom figure out if that difference is immoral or hurtful, or just too darned different for us to understand right away!Abnormal behaviorDeviant Behavior is behavior that does not follow the norm.
If you have ever watched the movie mask (not the one with jim carrey) the one with cher in it. its an older movie. anyway the main character Rocky likes this blind girl and how he described red to her was by putting something hot in her hand and i believe for blue he put something cold.Hot like the sun on a summer's day. Warm like the feelings you have when your just about to fall asleep.my husband is color blind.  i dont try to explain red to him because he could never percieve it the way i can.  he doesn't miss color because he never had it.  no need to explain itMaybe by saying it's the colour of blood?I would find music i felt conveyed red, something fast and complex- like furiously played violin music. Or I would find a texture for them to touch, i would imagine red as being like a spiked ball. Basically, i would try to find things within the senses they may have more acutely. In the end however it would be completely subjective and even if they did "imagine" red correctly, you would never know. "Red" after all is just a word we use to describe a distinct experience we all believe everyone else experiences exactly the same.the same way that u would like to describe,blue,green,......etcBake some cookies or rolls and give it to the person. Not when they are scalding hot like just out of the oven, but hot enough to explain that red is considered the hot color.get them to think of what the sunlight on a hot day feels like on their skin...if they've been blind from birth I see this as a pointless task...if the person is blind from the beginning you cannot do anything. but if he became blind after you can ask him 'what color of your blood?' automatically he understand it :)make him feel the burning sun or fire log should be ok.....!
To get the truth out, you must pour the truth in.  For one who is accustomed to lies and deception, the process takes time, and you can generally tell (sense) if the person is still incredible.You might not be able to get the truth out of them, but you can certainly tell when someone is lying. Look for clues like shifting eyes, rubbing or touching their necks or nose, swallowing, sweating or reddening of the skin.. . Other than that, you can maintain direct eye contact and try to intimidate them into telling the truth. Just interrogate them until they are forced to tell the truth because there are too many holes in their story.Make them feel guilty....look them straight in the eye and tell them to tell you the truth.........You mean like me? lol  : ). . You didn't say anything about the poem I worked so hard on : (
A break with realityWe usually refer to it as a psychotic break, and it is when someone completely loses touch with reality and experiences hallucinations--either visual or auditory--and proves incapable of functioning in a normal manner. The break, or episode can last from anywhere from several moments to days. Usually, any longer than several days and it is a return to the symptoms of their original disease, like schizophrenia.Well... to put it into English, it is when someone hears or sees things in the room that no one else in the room sees or hears.
what is your interpretation of the word 'economics'?   Economics is how people make and distribute things of value in any society.crime sometimes fuels economicseasy more mafiaWhat is this question supposed to mean?  Are you talking about the field of Economics, or peoples economic situation?  Notice that in the first case Econ is capitalized, in the second it is not.People need money, so people commit crimes to get money.  It's simple.
I think exploiting is deliberately  using dishonest tactics in order to deceive or cheat in any way. Advertising, on the other hand, is an attempt to sell or let others know of a product or service (good or bad) that is available, thus giving the buyer or user the choice of making up their own minds without undo pressure.Sex is a big marketing tool,,,, and I feel it's exploitation,,, but it's used every day in every field,,,, It draws attention to an item,, you associate it with that product,,,,, you'll buy that product,,,, many years ago they did a test and took normal tv adds,,,, put a device on a few average people and watched what they watched on the add,,,,, males and Females focused on mainly the breasts of the model in the add,,, with a brief glance on the product, Woman usually looked more at the fashion of the model with looking the full length ,, the men looked full length but briefly and focused in on size and shape,,, but they did remember the product a major soda company,,, Sex sells,,,, and that's the way it is.Well, exploitation usually refers to victimizing someone in one way or another, and I don't really see how advertising does that. I guess you could make the argument that it makes us victims of the things we own and want to own, like our materialism gets in the way of actually living. I also supposed that if the advertising has a negative impact, for example super-skinny models effect the self-image of teenagers in an unrealistic way, then that is kind of exploitative, in a way.exploitation is taking adavantage of something someone doesnt know, for instance if i was naive it may be easier. . advertising is the'simple' promotion of a product
It depends on the student, and the amount of partying. I knew a student who said that she does better in school when she parties. It also seems like a lot of people who study very hard also party hard, because it's a way to release stress and relax. On the other hand, partying becomes a problem when people put partying above everything else (school, family, health, etc).who told you this?
A few years ago when I had one of those milestone birthdays and was rearranging my life for the good, I decided to face my fears.  I took a psychology class at that time and the instructor said something I will never forget "go in the opposite direction fear wants you to go", I felt she was talking to me.. . I looked at my fears and went in the opposite direction. My life changed for the better and opened up a whole new world! I am so glad I was able to do this before I became too much older so I could do a great deal instead of laying on my deathbed wishing I would've changed.. . Make a list of your fears. Ask yourself why you fear. Go back, try to figure out where those fears came from. Then, go in  the opposite direction those fears are pushing you in. Live!free self help and soul searching! . helped me with my  fear of sucess!. And well I get it now!. coping.org. Go to personal tools or something like that!I have no fears! I have God on my side!!!Prayer.Well, to be honest - i usually dont deal with it well. Like starting a new job- yer all nervous n stuff.  I was ( still am) nervous when i run around on my racing tractor -what if it flips over when i take off? What if it blows up n i lose control? What if i flip it when i turn around? What if a wheel comes off? So I suppose its why they call if fear to prepare you.. KiddNarrow your focus to a single small task at a time.  . . Consider calling your local community mental health clinic and arranging to talk to someone.the courage to face my fears is a strong belief in the saviour of mankind (Jesus Christ)
If you take it wrong, you are a pessimist, if you take it right, your are an optimist.  I know this looks simple but think about it, when you take something wrong, you are only focusing on the foul side of a statement.just how they were raisedSome folk just lack people skills.It's just the way they are.YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO HAVE A  NAGATIVE AND POSITIVE IN  LIFE.They are insecure and see you as a threat.People with unhealed spiritual wounds will be victims of life, finding the whole world out to get them. Healing those wounds will change these people, providing they are not so caught up in their own drama that they actually do not want to change.people like that do not trust the universe to be at least neutral in regard to them.  I mean by this that they think that there is some power in creation that is always against them.  Most religions teach that the power behind the universe, sometimes called God, has positive intentions toward all people.  The people you are talking about believe the opposite --- that the power in the universe influences all people to have negative intentions toward them.  This is probably due to some loss or lack of care in the person's childhood.Attack, people deal with things through a form of attack, an attack on self, an attack based on a fear that they somehow believe it is on their person/ ego. It compromises their structured belief systems, another form of the ego, yet it is all the same one. If people realized this then we wouldn't compartmentalize and put everything into slots.. .                I AM
It can't??brain cannot detect the word ofyour brain can't process the word "of"? i don't know what's wrong with u, but i know my brain worksIt can, as far as I know, but I may be of a different brain type than you.Which part "of" the brain?"of" course it does: we aren't going to pass up being manipulated would we?
I love cement :o)Why have you posted this question twice?. . ps. Descartes I idea is not hard to come by? no poop sherlock. Scepticism is possibly the easiest idea to agree with, & the most difficult to argue against. That doesn't nescessitate that it's right. It's like a child going "i know you are, but what am i?"ZZZZZZZZZZZ......boring or whatIf I had been the first person to read your question then I would have concluded (thought) that perhaps you could have expressed it in a way that is slighty more accessible to comprehend . This would have been An original thought never before formulated by any other human .  I don't mean to be rude but I had to read it several times to get the gist of it .. My own thoughts on my existence ? and existence in general ?. I have my personal belief and it satisfies and sustains my total self , mind body and spirit . As it is personal to me it would not necessarily be of benefit to elucidate it . I am happy to be .brains dont function by themselves i think.. take jungle boys for example... you are taught only what they know so if noone knows it you aint ganna be taught it... our brain is still very small so when our brains grow like the experts think it will we will move planet before alll earth dies... it only a matter of time.. ?...its just not in our time......... great great great grandsons will rule this earth by then and they will hopefully have the knowledge of what to do by then. Hope this is an insight into what your looking for?Language is how we communicate socially,and logically this is how we have advanced thought procesesses, combined with imagry and concious awareness, without thought there would be no need/desire to speak, we would be lesser beings and would lack the desire to learn. We are social creatures, thats how we advanced through adopting similar social patterns and behaviour.. Existance to me is baffling and i dont think my brain can cope with the thought process behind it.Je pense donc je suis. (I think therefor I am). Descartes.Maybe we are automatically programmed with thoughts before we have the influence of other people?. At birth the first thing a baby thinks about is wanting milk which is why their sucking reflex is strongest for the first hour after birth, but if that reflex isn't used then they forget it and have to relearn it.. so maybe we do have our own thoughts but they are stimulated by other people.. . . and as far as that p word is concerned    ......eh?. . ok ok i'm blonde and i dunno what i'm talking about lolDo you do this often?WOW!  I never really thought about it like THAT before!  Maybe that's why I seem to have problems understanding people who seem to have absolutely NO connection with the outside world as I know it.  I just thought that it was due to my age, but you just may have touched on something of an "alternate theory"!  Thanx  :o)
The study itself is called proxemics.  Appropriate distances are largley determined by cultural expectations. Americans avoid touching much more than the French. There are typically four individual spaces that can vary withing a culture. Intimate, personal, social and public distances can vary independantly of each other.  You should always read as much as you can concerning a new cultures interaction expectations if you are going to travel for vacation or to join the culture. Seeminly small factors can determine how well you assimilate with the people of a culture.  Also, there is always an enormous room for personal differences which can override a cultures typical expectations.. . **Jon MC, I would like to hear further explanation as to why you think not only  that social sciences are flawed in general but also more specifically, what you mean to imply by saying it is evolved rather than cultural and when you say they may be wrong....to what standard or measure of correctness are you refering to....Thanks :)i think an important factor is past experiences,. if you got hurt being too close before, you tend to keep a distance,. if you got rewarded by getting closer, you tend to get closer yet,. same for physical and emotional and mental relationshipsSocial science studies here are flawed. They confuse the ultimate, evolved behavior, with the proximate, cultural display rule. For instance; all humans show disgust, but the variance in display is wide. I would show disgust with eating live grubs ( personal experience ) while the live grub eater will show disgust with something that I do not, such as being in the presence of a menstruating woman ( personal experience ). We would both show disgust at a foul smell, thus showing are evolved humanity, with cultural overlap. Whenever an explanation of human behavior is touted as cultural, rather than evolved, you can be sure that at least 75% of the time it is wrong.Some influences on personal space can be:-. . gender, familiarity with a person, family experience, . . extraversion/introversion, memory, arousal.arms length is my theory
We all started out with the dark skin of our ancestors, The reason that man separated and evolved in the different races is because of environmental pressures. People in northern latitudes evolved into the fair skin light hair races, those in temperate zones into brown skin races and those along the equator remained the black skin race.All humans were once dark skinned.  The dark pigment, melatonin, protects the skin from UV damage which can cause cancer.  Melatonin also reduces the amount of vitamin D the body can make.  Where there is plenty of sun, that's OK.  As humans moved north, where the sun light is less direct, they suffered a vitamin deficiency.  So light skin, which resulted from less melatonin became and advantage.  In a fairly short span of time, the populations which had moved north came to be predominantly light skinned.  By the way, vitamin D is needed more by mothers because of its importance during pregnancy.  That is why, within a population, the women are lighter skinned than the men.  You will note that Iranians, who are not an Arab people, have darker skin than their ancestors to the north.  They, as a population, have regained some of the genetic coding for darker skin.  The same is true of the descendants of the Brahmans in India.  The Brahmans came from the north to the Indian sub-continent, and later came to be darker skinned.it would be real freaky to have every living person the same color;Differential evolution occurs when you have a separation of population.  A particular example is Australia, which has evolved noticeably different plants and animals since it separated from the main land mass some 90 million years ago.  In the case of H. sapiens, populations probably moved from Africa to Europe and to Asia some tens of thousands of years ago, and were separated by distance and natural calamities (ice ages) so some differential evolution occurred.Genetic adaptation to sunlight and weather. Nothing more. Underneath, we are identical.Evolution caused the human race to adapt to their habitat. Think about it. Where it's hot, people are dark, where it's cold, people are light, and there are a million other factors involved....Yes we all came from Africa. . But it doesn't necessarily mean that we were dark skinned, because the climate may have been different, or Africa may not have been quite where it is now, due to continental drift. . . They did not "look Chinese" before they went east, but because of adaptive evolutionary changes which occurred in the hundreds of thousands of years while they were migrating. Thats how long it took, they did not just decide to pickup their belongings and walk until they reached the sea. Tribes and groups just expanded, followed water and food, etc about. If they wandereed into other tribes, they either integrated, fought with them, or moved on to areas where there was less competition. Gradually they filled out the Asian and European continent, and moved to North America via the land bridge which then connected the two continents, and down to Australia, via Indonesia and New Guinea, which were then not separated by water. . Their skin and facial features adapted over many years to suit the climate.I don't know that we all started out in Africa.  But remember that living and working in the hot sun does give tans.  Seems to me that hairy individuals came from a history of their people maybe living and working in the cold weather.We have different races because that is the way that God set it all up.The lighter your skin, the more recently have you had fur (been incarnated as an animal)Race doesn't exist outside of our perception. There isn't any definable genetic differences between people from different places.. . Back in the day, when everyone was isolated to regions, certain traits were selected, the strong sun of Africa may have selected for darker skin tones, the relatively weak of sun in N. Europe made blonds and blue eyes. When people did move out of Africa, not only did it take a very long time...a lot of generations, but those with darker skin weren't able to absorb enough of the weaker sunlight to create Vitamin A causing diseases like rickets in the children who then weren't able to reproduce like the others. Nowadays, since we pretty much don't live outdoors and get some of our vitamins from things like milk (notice it always says Vit A & D). Outdoor environment doesn't matter as much; though skin cancer is rising since the sun is getting stronger with less ozone. . .  Now that everyone is moving around and meeting each other, you can see everyone is starting to blend together. . . Example: some of the most beautiful people, and aesthetic beauty is often thought to be the average of everyone we see, are a mix of people from several different backgrounds, i.e. Soledad O'Brien, the news anchor.
I walk away, I'm lazy, they're not worth my time.Learn to be invisibleThey may be expecting a reaction from you or they may not know any better.. . The best answer is if you can figgure out their motivation, and calmly deal with it.  Careful compassion is usually the best answer.  It annoys the hell out of people who were looking for a bad reaction and it gives strengh to people who need it.  I say careful because some people do not know what they want or how to react, just as you were worried about.depends on the situation, I liketojust let theperson do their thing, in my mind saying "yeah whatever". If the person is being hurtful, rude,or disrespectful to others, I step in.Avoid this person..Generally, I too avoid them (surpressive personality)... Other wise...it's zip ties and duct tape (at least in my head).by trying to be pleasant to them and not judgeif you can't avoid them , stay calm as much as possible then play by their roles ; ACT UNREASONABLY with them ...I cap people who p**s me off
a death in a dream indicates a change that your subconcious mind picked up on that you are about to experience, your dreams tell you about things in your waking life that you dont realize in your waking lifeit could mean something tragic or bad is going to happen to that person or that person is having a very hard time with something and is in depression or internal pain....i doubt that it means they will actually die unless in the dream u kill them.....then that is up to uim not sure exactly but it could mean the end of one thing and the start of another or that maybe something happend and maybe broke your trust?1st of all,unless you're a "sensitive" or had premonitions before THAT ACTUALLY CAME TRUE,ther's no cause for alarm.. .  death in dreams,like anything else in the dream world are SYMBOLIC.Deaths are usually a sign for a TRANSITION-anything from a new job,a new materail gain/loss,a new house,etc.. .  so unless you're clairvoyant and HAVE seen things,had visions of the future before THAT CAME true,don't worry!. Also,bear in mind that dreaming is the minds way of healing it's mental wounds caused everyday by stress,tension,anxiety,the shopping channel,the line-up at Starbucks......har2. .  but always trust your instincts.maybe you & your BF are going through something that's stressing you out but only you can interpret these symbols.there's alot about dreams on-line but the best ones are in good books too.I was always told that if someone you love dies in your dream, that's a sign of pregnancy for you or someone close to you. But do more research on the dream web site.In your sub mind you were mad at him for some reason. Let it fly and the next time you see him give him a slap on the ass and make him wonder. . ps sorry I couldn't spell conchench even so spell check could pick up on itSpirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your FREE dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly. Just remember where you posted your question, your dream interpretation will be under the same section
your`e f*cking lucky,. i keep getting the . engaged toneIt is your jib, they don't like the cut of it.Did they say, 'Oh not you again' just before hanging up?. I get that problem too.Because they don't like you and nobody does.What have you done to upset em now KU?!. . (thought you were sodding off for the day anyway?!!)Take a Hint.Stop calling them at dinner time.  None of us like that.not your day is itBeeeeeeeeeeeepWhat is this? Yahoo chat?What did u say to them?I thought you leftAre you ringing the right numberI find it hard to believe that the samaritans hang up on you! I have done voluntary work for a similar help line and we do not hang up on people, unless the person is being abusive, making inappropiate remarks, etc. And even then we do do jsut hang up: we warn the caller that we are going to hang up on them first. Therefore I think you might just have a problem with the connection.The cross Atlantic phone line has been cut again, it gives the impression of being hung up upon, its the swordfish, whom I thought you were going to sort out, they are at present around the wreck of the Titanic, now move it.You must be one troubled individual if you need to keep ringing them all the time.. . Sooner or later, THEY will need help, as they will all be going insane cos you keep calling them.. . Have you no friends you can go to?Perhaps you are too well known, and they know what to expect!. . Some years ago I attended a talk given by Chad Varah (the founder of The Samaritans), he talked about people like you (the 'Vera's') of this world.. . It was amusing.. . Sash.Well stop asking what they are wearing...!. . . . And I agree with what Fretting not says. We always had to give them a warning then three minutes before we hung up.Find a rope, tie it round your neck. Now remember that hook in the ceiling...Never mind my friend.. . Can I help, tell me what's bothering you?.....:o)
It's been a while since I took econ, but i would say that government spending helps to revitalize the economy. Financing it by selling bonds it's pretty secure since U.S. bonds are still perceived to be very dependable; a secure investment even by other countries who also buy them...Nothing. They have money from the working people, in the form of taxes,  coming in constantly. That is why the IRS is often referred to as the ETERNAL revenue Service.
lovewow there are really good answers on here already... i agree w/ dementia, love, religion... all f*ck you up pretty bad.I would imagine the worst would be dementia.  However, the worst to run into is sociopathy.having a wifewhat do u mean by that?, who u been talkin' to?, you r just like all the rest, i'll show you, who said that ? huh? huh? what?, who me?/ i'm not him. mommy, mommy, ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooParanoid Schizophrenia.....in my opinion...I have had experience working with such people with this diagnosis and they are in hell...confused, unpredictable, dangerous, compulsive.... . worst emotional anguish is to lose the person who is supposed to nurture you (a parent)I suppose.. . Also to lose faith in your religionThat's a toughie.  I think that schizophrenia would be pretty terrible, because you would never be able to trust your perceptions.despair over a lose of any kind.This is a very good blog, a beginner’s guide to abnormal psychology. . Short, clear and simple; and you can even post your question and contact the author regarding particular subject you are interested in, for FREE. . http://sensitive-psychoworld.blogspot.com/
You seem to have answered you own question. I believe that you can indeed CHOOSE to be depressed - OR you can choose another way.  There is an excellent writer in this field called Dorothy Rowe.  Look up her insightful books in your local library, read them, and I guarantee you'll understand how to overcome depression - which to a large extent, is a self-inflicted condition.Depression is largely due to the situation when you have no work to do or lonely.This  enables mind to wander and reach unwanted conclusions.There are few anti depressants. But do not go after them.The best way to over come is to keep mind preoccupied in a healthy manner.Lonliness is the worst curse.You develop friends and wide circle of friends.Have some hobby.You move out and see how others live.Develop positive atttitude.Read the book "Power of positive thinking..."and apply the simple steps to develop your personality.You are always wanted by somebody and you have to find that somebody only.Practice of mental concentration,Yoga ,listening good music,prayers etc are effective methods to fight depression.Good luck .Prayers.tell me when U found out!!!!!!Well that is the thing about depression - depression interferes with logical reasoning and thus depressed people find it difficult to appreciate what they do have and are unable to view things more positively.Depression often stems from a chemical inbalance in the brain. The cause is varied and often treated with anti-depressants. These work for some and not for others-also having nasty side affects.. Counselling (talking medicine) is very popular, as is:. Human Givens : psychology journals online, psychotherapy books, tapes etc. . ... including: psychology, human behaviour, effective psychotherapy, the 'human givens', guided imagery and ... is known about human nature — the human givens — will enhance delivery ...www.humangivens.com - 32k - Cached - More pages from this site - Save. The Human Givens Institute: home page . It also contains the professional body of HG practitioners. The Human Givens Institute. FIND OUT MORE ABOUT ... The Human Givens Institute (HGI) is a membership organisation and resource open to anyone wishing ... of psychology known as the human givens approach, which is enriching psychotherapy ...www.humangivens.com/hgi - 21k - Cached - More pages from this site - Save. Welcome to Human givens therapy from Effective Therapy . Effective Therapy offer Human givens therapy, cognitive therapy, psychotherapy, Rogerian Counselling,Psychodynamic or Insight Therapy ... Home. Home. Human Givens Approach. Our Services ... again maybe Humanistic Psychosynthesis Psychotherapy would be good or really would Human Relations Counselling be better ...www.humangivens.org - 9k - Cached - More pages from this site - Save. Human Givens. The givens of nature: our needs and resources . Human Givens therapy, relationship and telephone counselling information, incl. pages on dealing with common mental, emotional and relationship problems. ... What are the Human Givens? The 'human givens' are the givens of human nature: our innate physical and ... we misuse our resources. Human Givens Therapists are well equipped to identify ...www.professionalcounselling.co.uk/human_givens.html - 24k - Cached - More pages from this site - Save. Human Givens Dorset . Human Givens therapy offers effective, practical and fast help for people who are depressed, anxious, phobic or suffering from trauma, addiction and anger disorders. ... or anger disorders. Human Givens are what we are all born with ...www.humangivensdorset.co.uk - 12k - Cached - More pages from this site - Save. Human Givens Australia . Human Givens Australia. You are not logged in. ( Login) Welcome. This site is the Australian information point for those interested in the Human Givens approach to emotional health and clear thinking.www.humangivens.com.au - 11k - Cached - More pages from this site - Save. MindFields College :: What are the human givens? . Definition of the human givens, understanding innate tools and resources that enable emotional needs to be met. ... these needs and resources are incorporated into our biology that they are called human givens ... Training in the human givens approach enables professionals to focus more powerfully ...www.mindfields.org.uk/HumanGivens - 12k - Cached - More pages from this site - Save. Human Givens Therapy - Peace of mind . Information on the fast, effective and evidence-based Human Givens Therapy. ... but it cannot replace the help I or any other human givens counsellor can give face-to-face ... Prior HG Dip P, Cert CC Relate, MHGI. Human Givens Therapist (UK ...www.human-givens.co.uk/index.html - 22k - Cached - More pages from this site - Save. Human Givens Register . of qualified human givens practitioners. All psychotherapists and counsellors on the HGI official register have completed and passed the MindFields College Human Givens Diploma Course up to practitioner level (HG.Dip.P.).www.human-givens-register.com - 17k - Cached - More pages from this site - Save. London Human Givens Centre . London Human Givens Centre. Effective Therapy for Depression, Anxiety and other emotional problems. Training, Coaching, Supervision and Therapeutic Interventions also available. ... The London Human Givens Centre is a private clinoh dear poor you.I was depressed for many years.I think the answer lies within your own mind.You know that it is entirely up to you what you think about .It truely is.However this is not easily done and takes practice .  As  you say positive attitude and thinking about and appreciating what you have got rather than dwelling on what you have not.You have to dismiss negative thought.Yes you can.Tell them to go away You will not think that way.!Get an attitude if you like,refuse to think low [depressed] thoughts .Dwell on the good side of life.Spoil yourself with light reading,lovely music.Keep busy.Leave the dark side of life to its own devices untll you are strong.Remember it is up to you what you thihk about .You are strong I am sure or we would not have heard from you.Very good and careing thoughts are sent you you as you start out on your journey from out of depression.Remember.choose what you think about---practice maketh perfect                          iCounselling is useful as a way of changing negative cognitions. In the same way as trying to change someone from their phobia. It may not be a permanent change, but it certainly helps. . In more severe cases, drugs may be more beneficial at the start, but there are not always great side-effects and may be prescribed unnecessarily.. Often, people can get themselves out of a rut by making a few simple life changes.CipralexCount your blessings every day, take time to appreciate the small things in life. Cognitive Behavioural therapy can be very helpful in changing unhelpful thought patterns, but the key is to recognise them for what they are. If you catch yourself overgeneralising, imagine a big red sign saying "STOP", and replace the unhelpful thought with a better one. For example, stop yourself from thinking "My life is utterly hopeless" and repeat to yourself three times "I'm going through a hard time at the moment, but every day is a new day and things can only get better". . etc etcGet into the habit of seeing that the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.a lack of curculation in the head can be depressing go th the gym !
Social scientists talk about "suicide clusters" so even when something hits the news about suicide, - you'll see a percentage of people do it to themselves.. . That's why I'm against the 'right to die' campaigns that state nobody should make you live if you don't want to. ie. -like abortion we'll some day have "killing centers' where folks can walk (or roll) right in and be done away with.Well...here's a drawn out answer for you.  I'm not a psychologist, but my mom killed herself 9 years ago. . . First, it's horrible.  There are so many questions and so much guilt.  We feel like if only we would've been there, if only we would've done this or that...it could have changed the outcome of our lives.. . As far as the rest of us being prone to suicide?  My brother has had oh...4 attempts since 1997.  The last one being early this year.  He's a bit of a drama king, but the bottom line is that he needs counseling, and the rest of us can't convince him to get it.. . As far as I'm concerned, I opened a non-profit in her honor, and have pretty much devoted my life to helping others through their grief with it.. . It all depends on which way you go with your grief.  You can either use it to better your life, or you can use it to screw it up even further.no it doesnt, everyone has a mind of thier own, suicide is a persons choice, whether or not someone in thier family has done so.  Suicide is more likely to occur, when you dont talk about your problems, and bottle things up insidein every wayYes, suicide rate does go up, but mostly in teenagers who doesnt have a very stable emotion and had thoughts about suicide, but the chances might be different between different peoples comparing their mentle endurent and ablilty to cope with diffcult stiuations.read this:. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/suicide/MH00048I really don't know if the rate goes up amoung family members other than if depression runs in the family but I can tell you from a first-hand perspective how suicide affects loved ones.  My uncle committed suicide when I was 19.  He left behind 3 young children and was the youngest child in his own family. The first to die.  On a personal level I was absolutely devastated. Even though logically I know his suicide was not my fault or my problem to solve, it did not stop the tremendous and overwhelming guilt I felt for not having seen the signs. He and I were very close buddies and spent a great deal of time together fishing and goofing off. He was more like a brother to me than an uncle.  He died nearly 15 years ago and to this day I still cannot speak his name without my throat constricting and my eyes tearing up.  I fear it's a pain that will never completely go away.  I had nightmares for years after his death, primarily dreaming about what I could have or should have done to stop him.  . . His children, once highly functional and secure young people, became completely screwed up.  One child turned to drugs and alcohol and has had many run-in's with the law.  Another developed an eating disorder and suffered through a failed marriage.  Not surprisingly she married a man quite a bit older than herself, trying to replace the father-figure she lost on some subconcious level.  The rest of the family still cannot talk about his death.  One mention of his name sends them all into a bawling frenzy.  Our family has been absolutely devastated by suicide, no doubt about it.  Personally, I don't think anyone else will commit suicide now simply because we DO know how it affects others. I'm sure when my uncle pulled the trigger he never really thought it would impact us so much.  Suicide is the most ultimate selfish act one can perform.Yes it affects them, to the extent that they feel connected to the person and or feel responsible for it or possibly responsible for it.. . And it leaves a bad legacy for the family too.. . Its better to just travel someplace far and be lost first I think if you are considering it.I don't know exact fact and figures, try psychologytoday.com.  But I do know that you are more likely to commit suicide if someone in your family has done it before.  My aunt did it way before I was born, and my parents told me once that they worried about me because they're understanding was that it was much more likely to happen to someone else in the family.  I don't know if it is nature or nurture but....I figure it would make them feel guilty. like there might have been something they could have done if they had paid more attention
Hee Hee... love the answer about 'Adam'! . . Male nipples aren't exactly a genetic glitch: they are evidence of our developmental clock. In the early stages of life from conception until about 14 weeks, all human fetuses look the same, regardless of gender. At the tender age of 14 weeks post-fertilization , genetically-male fetuses begin to produce male hormones including testosterone. These hormones turn the androgynous fetus into a bouncing baby boy. . . Here's where the developmental clock comes in. By 14 weeks, when the hormones turn on, the nipples have already formed. So, while our male fetus goes on to become a baby boy, he keeps his nipples, reminding all of us that people, male and female, started off the same way. . . In most men, the nipples really don't change after this point, but some men can develop a condition called gynecomastia. In gynecomastia, the fatty tissue around the nipple develops and eventually appears similar to a female breast. This can occur whenever the testosterone level is lowered by medications, such as those that treat prostate cancer, and by natural hormonal changes due to obesity, adolescence or aging. . . Luckily, most of us don't worry too much about male nipples, so men never have to worry about finding swimtrunks and a bikini top that fit.  . . Hope that's some help... and it has nothing to do with Adam and Eve.... that's just fiction... but then you knew that right? ;)No to serve as a pacifier was not the purpose for male nipples. The riddle of the male nipple has traveled as one of the ten most introspective questions asked by the male of our species throughout history. Only now has this riddle been answered by the famous anthropologist Doctor Nicholas Nipplehopper. You see the difference between our caveman ancestors and we the modern male homo sapiens are that cavemen never got lost. Cavemen never had to stop and ask for directions. Yes the male nipple once served as global positioning devices for our prehistoric ancestors. When leaving their point of origin to lets say go hunting, the male would have his female counterpart twist his nipples in opposite clockwise and counter clockwise directions until they turned blue. This caused the secretion of a hormone that would allow the caveman to know how to get back home..no matter where he was or how far....by turning his body in a circle from left to right slowly until his nipples suddenly got stiff. They would stay stiff and point the way back as long as he was heading in the right direction.were all female first then sex factors go from certain points of developmentWhen an egg is fertilized and the child begins to form, it automatically starts forming into a female, until it realizes the gender is male then it goes from there to create the male. . . cool huh?Male nippers are merely left over from the development of the body.  So why do men still have them instead of disappearing?  Because it's too much effort.  Once it's there, it takes too much effort for nature to get rid of something, so it's easier just for them to stay there and serve no primary function.It is just a mark that woman is created from man (Adam) and modified.All embryos are female when first developing, then depending on thre chromosomes, some go on to become male.  Nipples may be a residual effect of this.  Also nipples are a very erogenous zone for most men, so perhaps they remain for sexual stimulation.Ha! Funny! No, all humans are initially female in the womb, until male androgen hormones are triggered by the presence of the "y" chromosome, stimulating the male sex organs to grow.
I can't tell.  Once it hits the bathroom mirror, it stops.daddy ? d, why not grow up, I sincerly hope your kids are OK, after a father asking such crap.
My father told me I was no good and I have spent my life prooving him wrong.My mother told me she truly believes I'm destined for something great.... I'm going to believe her, and prove her right :)Respect the flag, respect our country.  I always cover my heart when I hear the National Anthem.  Even if I'm all alone and it is on TV.I remember my art teacher telling me what a good artist I was.  She made me love art. She was hot too.  What do you remember?not much, who listens to their parents when they are young ? It's when we get older, that all of a sudden our parents, very quickly, got VERY SMART ? How did that happen ?????Now I'm a parent, and "someday you'll be a parent" sticks out in my head, I also find myself blurting out things my father used to say "Close the damn door, I'm NOT heating up all of Valley Stream"  !...............I haven't lived in Valley Stream for 25 years.1972...my babysitter told me she had the whole partridge family album collection...go figure..Take care of youself because no one will ever give a shitt about you. . . THANKS MOM!!!.Three things my mother told me that I still live by.. . 1. If it will not matter a year from now, then don't worry about it.. . 2. Pick your battles.. . 3. No matter how bad something is, it will be over by this time tomorrow (or next week, or tonight, whatever the circumstance)Yes, that when others come to you to ask yourself (why are they asking this) instead of what they are asking.  People tend to forget the why's and become blinded by the whats.  good luck, Jackcommon matter of life become remember for lifeIf nice things told then you really feel goods, but if something bad happened in childhood them becomes sometimes very depressive also. But now we are mature enough to understand whether that was right or wrong, then by time it fades away.My mom taught this to my younger sister and brother... and me. I think I was 9, but I still remember it... I even remember where I was and everything about that time I learned it.. . Monday's child is fair of face,. Tuesday's child is full of grace,. Wednesday's child is full of woe,. Thursday's child has far to go.. Friday's child is loving and giving,. Saturday's child works hard for a living,. But the child born on the Sabbath day,. Is fair and wise and good and gay.. . (I'm a Thursday's child).Many things...Trouble is, I didn't realize they were important until  I had already learned the hard way. Then you look back and say...Dam! I should have listened to my mother!!  Could have saved myself alot of grief!!My teacher told me that I'm like the big sis to my friends....and I have always been the same till now...I'm not bossy though.....Just caring....Treat others the way that you want to be treated.. And. Wash your hands after you go to the bathroom!
OK, first I do have to scold you for calling an elder a retard. That was not cool, DUDE.. . Secondly and more light-heartedly, here's a quote that is so true, even if it is from a comic POV:. "A person is smart. People are dumb, panicky, dangerous animals and you know it.". . People that lack confidence look for leaders. If their leaders are the media, then they believe and follow conspiracy theories, panic news stories, email hoaxes, etc. Confident, self-assured individuals will research and read more about these things and find that the modicum of truth in the stories was stretched thin for sensationalism and interest. I believe that most people enjoy drama -- just look at our popular movies. If it's exciting, even if it's negative, it's attractive. The confident, intelligent person will have things in their lives that are exciting and dramatic on their own. Unfortunately, society thrives on the people that lack confidence and are consumed by their own gullibility and need for guidance and direction.i suppose normal guys like you wont get led. . its the same concept as trend setters and trend followers. there are people who look out for the "color of the season". and there are people who do it their style; it looks good and what the hey, two months down the road, you see about a dozen xerox copies.. . people just need idols to look up to. something that are better than themselves (in their perspective) and then work in that fdirection. sad fact of Life.People have an inner desire,something, they generally follow the root that in most advantageous or appealing to them good or bad..    They need faith even though it is quite illogical!Hey dude - the jerk store called and they're running out of YOU.  I really hope you are NOT just a "normal guy".  I'd like to think your average human being has a little more respect and decency than you.  Why are YOU so angry and so offended by someone older than you just trying to be helpful or perhaps friendly?I think its because we have so little to believe in these days we are desperate
Other posters correctly identified pork-barrel politics with buying votes, but there is another dimension to it as well.  Pork-barrel politics may involve paybacks for campaign contributions.  For example, defense contractors contribute to campaigns of certain congressmen and senators, who in turn work to ensure the continuation and expansion of govermnent contracts awarded to those contractors.Pork barrel is the budget given to each congressmen (or politicians of other levels) to spend on their own districts.Buying votes.  Basically excessive spending in an area that votes for you.it is the budget allocation of legislators, senators and congressmen for their selected projects. A national budget will not pass congress without their pork barrel. It is their contribution for the development in their areas of jurisdiction. A bait to ensure re-election.Federal taxpayer money that is spent on local projects - local projects that should be paid for with local money.. VOTE BUYING. People complain about it, but if their own politician does not bring home the bacon they get voted out.. .
I would absolutely LOVE to read other people's minds,so,most of all, I would know what they think of me but also what they need and want and,then,deliver it to them and help them with their problems.I would want to be able to read minds.  Knowledge is power!  To know what a person is thinking would be a most valuable asset!I think we all have this but we do not develop it.
As soon as you have people in your life you're going to rely on them in some form or another. Set internal limits, but remember that vulnerability is humanity. Know what you want and pursue it, and don't let you personal decisions be influenced too much by othersI tried that only to come to realise that you will always rely on other people, as the "collective" creates the world we live in. Its good to be able to know how to do things yourself but its even more important to now when to ask for help. Best wishes.Economic power helps. Being able to live on your own and take control of your finances. Everything else will fall in its place after.
ppl paid to touch your feet? lolbecause our feet are one of the most sensitive parts on our body. its a different texture of skin. our feet are mainly muscle not fat, and thats what tends to make them more tickleish.All the nerve endings of the body end in the bottoms of the feet.. . We laugh because it tickles we cry when it tickled so much we cannot stand it any longer.. . Fun way to earn money:  you are to be commended for you charitable ways.i believe the answer to that lies in the brains ability to predict our own movements, and anticipate reactions, hence it is difficult to augh when tickling our own feet. When someone else tickles us we are unable to predict what they are going to do (even if we know what they are going to do, and how it will feel.  (sometimes its possible to laugh before the event, as i guess we recognise the action and the result.The laughter is a release of that energy, in a way that make us feel comfortable, as we can also deduce that the activity is non-threatening.it ticklish cos the soles of feet have the most nerve endings and pressure points which are very sensitive
I have ponedered the hows and wheres and whys f this question too. I ammmmmm soooooooooooooooooo glad that parents cant do this to their kids.... or partners to their spouse...... . When I was 13 my mother decided that I was so much like my father I was going to be an alcoholic or a drug addict..... . . She incarcerated me into a hellish drug rehab centre against my will and despite the fact that I had never used drugs. . The methods of rehabilitating people were at the least questionable and at the most were abuse of rights and power including but not limited to:. sleep deprivation . refusal of contact with others as punishment. verbal abuse by over 100 people at a time (try imagining being 13 and standing in a large hall with over 100 adults all screaming abuse at you!). inappropriate provision of clothing. inappropriate provision of food. assaults including being doused with refirerated water during frozen winter mornings. being ordered to climb an obviously dangerous ladder and being refused medical attention when I fell and was injured. being refused medical attention for an abscessed gland that was caused by splinters from the many hours of sanding by hand I was required to carry out.. Being socially isolated by being refused permission to speak at all. Being further socially isolated by being refused to even eat with, be in a room with, or work with any other human being. Being ordered to sleep in a room with men who were incarcerated their instead of jail, (luckily the men concerned simply refused to allow that to happen all opting to return to jail rather than that..). refusing an education to a minor (me). . . And all the while my mother was being reassured that it was all in my best interests if she did not visit and to be certain that I was definitely a liar and not to take notice of anything I might say.. . I know not all centres are like that... thankfully most are quite good.... . But how would you know.... or anyone else for that matter who was not incarecerated in the centre know what was going on inside since by their very nature they are closed door instituions.. . The owner operator of that centre did later face court and was jailed for his treatment of inmates but that will not ever und the shit I went through. . OMG...... I am so GLAD that no one can be institutionalised against their will in these places.having been in rehab myself, i can say that there is NO forcing someone who absolutely refuses to get help.. you can try talking to them, you can try presenting them with information, you can try ultimatums.. but after all that is done, the only person who can keep them sober is themselves... detoxing isnt the same as kicking the habit, detoxing is getting over the physical withdrawl.. addiction is a disease of the mind as well as the body, the disease is incurable, and will remain long after detox...Because even drug addicts have civil rights.  You can't just take away someone's freedom like that.  Even if they're being stupid.yeah, having been to rehab, even if you're forced to stay, if you don't want to stay sober/clean after wards then it's just wasted time, money and space for someone who wants to get clean and sober! And there is always constitutional issues of freedom.
Prozac has sexual side effects. Maybe the other one is newer and the side effects are not as bad.You need to call him up and ask!  This is a medical question IMHO not an advice question.  Only a pharmacologist or psychiatrist is going to be able to advise you on why.
Stimulus? D.? I'm no genius..but I'd have to say D. sounds best.Reflexes are governed by the autonomic nervous system and do not require conscious processing.  I assume that this is what you mean in choice D.
American jobs are outsourced...we produce nothing, have no factories, and deliver it from the ship coming from China. Thanks again Mr. PresidentThe question seems to be asking in other words how are resources allocated in America? The answer is via the "invisible hand" of the price mechanism and the free market system.
it is everywhere, not only in bangalore.quite possibly... BUT everything increases everywhere like everyhouse etc even in australiawow where i am i think there like1600 per month ! for a three bedroom !Actual fact is, because of jobs created in outsourcing, people from outside need place to live , they have started to accumulate in bungaluru, so rent goes high. If govt decide that 80 percent employee must be local then things will be changed, minimum wage will increase and none of the locality will remain unemployed.
Chaz Your story? Very interesting....... ???http://www.osoq.com/funstuff/extra/extra02.asp?strName=ChazSo why are you here telling us about it and not there earning plenty of mula ? And while I'm about it - what does this site pay for then ?. . Checked your About me profile:- One thing I know about you - is you know what the word 'I' means - I this - I that!. . Yawn !!!!Its not so much motivation for me, its more a way of sciving off my assignment that is due in tomorrow - I should really be doing it rather then sitting  here answering questions like this with people who wont share info  :-)    -     however, I think its a case of 'I feel LESS worse about NOT doing my assignment as I am still sitting at my laptop and NOT playing any online games'. . I also find some of the questions really really funny so it puts me in a better mood!!!!. . "When mamma ain't happy, ain't no one happy"Motivation generally FOLLOWS action, not the other way around. When a person feels or sees a "reward" for behaviour  (work, exercise, etc) , it motivates to repeat the action in one way or another. Fear and Love are the greatest motivators as you likely know.  Fear will make any reasonable person perform every time, and Love does not need explanation.Aw, go on! We're all really tired and fed up, it's the middle of the night, and we could do with something to cheer us up.. . Spill the beans. Now.Always think positive.
It's true that a woman's mood can change on a dime. This emotional roller coaster may leave you feeling dazed and confused. The good news is that you can learn to respond in an appropriate and positive manner that is truly a gift to your partner when she is upset. . . A woman's self-esteem rises and falls like a wave. When a woman's wave rises, she feels as though she has an abundance of love to give. When it crashes down she feels her inner emptiness and needs to be filled up with love. . . For a woman, this experience of crashing down is like falling into a deep, dark well. And when a woman goes into her "well," she is sinking into her unconscious self, into darkness and diffused feeling. . . This type of bottoming out is a time for emotional housekeeping. . . As a woman goes down into the well, she may suddenly experience a host of unexplained emotions and vague feelings. She may feel hopeless, overwhelmed, insecure, resentful, mistrustful, worried -- she may think she is alone or unsupported. . . If she has suppressed any negative feelings or denied herself in order to be more loving on the upswing of her wave, then on the downswing she will begin to experience these negative feelings and unfulfilled needs. During this "down time," she especially needs to talk about problems and be heard and understood. . . When a woman goes into her well, her deepest issues tend to surface. These issues may have to do with her relationship, but usually they are heavily charged from her past relationships and childhood. Whatever remains to be healed or resolved from her past inevitably will come up. . . Here are three important concepts men must know to understand "the well": . . 1- A man's love and support cannot instantly resolve a woman's issues. Your love, however, can make it safe for her to go deeper into the well. You can expect her issues to come up again and again. Each time, however, you will get better at supporting her. Remember that it's not your fault, and find out how to deal with it.. . 2- When a woman goes into her well, it is not a man's fault. . In other words, you cannot -- and should not -- try to prevent it from happening. . . 3- A woman has the ability to rise up after she has hit rock bottom. A man does not have to fix her. She is not broken but simply needs your love, patience and understanding. Give her only what she needs at this point. It is essential that a woman feel safe going into the well; otherwise, she will suppress her negative feelings. Her only alternative to the well is to avoid intimacy or to numb her feelings through addictions like drinking, overeating, overworking, or over-care taking. . . When negative feelings are suppressed, positive feelings become suppressed as well, and love dies as a result. . . Without this emotional catharsis, a woman slowly loses her ability to love and to grow in love. If her wave nature is obstructed, she gradually becomes hardhearted and passionless. . If a woman is not fully supported when she has these normal unhappy times, she will be unable to be truly happy. So, instead of taking this downward spiral personally, understand that women simply need some "bottoming out" time to release, heal, and purify the emotions. . . Taking an occasional dip into the well is a natural, healthy process for a woman, and she will ultimately be happier in the relationship for having your support when she goes there.We have hormones changing inside us all the time. We've been taught that it's okay to cry and talk about things, even if they're childish things.coz they are made in a v emotional moment.Because it's easier to "feel" than it is to "think".Historical conditioning? Nature? Neither. What a boring question.because they want ,as complete as possible, an understanding of their world. They then use what they've learned to solve future problemsWomen are programmed for empathizing and Men are programmed for systemizingWomen are to emotions what men are to car engines.
It's an adj. it can be used to describe something.It means to get inebriated, drunk and wasted. Urban slang.
I don't think so.  I think it's about the efficiency of the human capitol of a country.  If the country can find ways to get two people's work done by one person, they will have more wealth per person.  That efficiency comes from education and training.By itself, no. Nigeria has a heck of a lot of people but is backward and few outsiders want to do business there. Canada has many fewer people but lots of foreign businesses operate there.. . Why not? Primarily because the level and usefulness of education is so important. . Firstly, if people learn and practise moral values -- what the Indians call dharma -- then they will be more easily happy and less greedy and non-destructive in their ways, they will tend to help each other, and that is the way to keep whatever prosperity they create. Dharma also is connected to willingness to work, some people in some Western countries and many in South Africa want something for nothing and think the world owes them a living, that is adharmic thinking and it is hard to get full econoimc value when it penetrates your country's culture. . . Secondly, if they learn marketable/usable skills like maths and English and cooking and needlework how mechanical things work and can be repaired and how to read maps, and if plenty of them go on to university to gain good mastery of professions like accounting and management and computer science the people of the country will be more employable in the modern world. . . Thirdly, if the culture they are in is receptive to creativity and nonconformity this is a basis for entrepreneurial initiative to flourish as well as the finer thhings of life like classical music.. .  All three -- morality, practical education, and creativity -- are important to look at if you are going to meaningfully assess the human capital of a country.
You can't. That is the most intelligent answer I can give.Focusing really hard on the object and forcing your will into a material force. I've bent a q-tip before like Willow on Buffy...but that's telekinesis right. I would imagine it would be really similiar though. . . It's not worth it though. I mean it takes a lot of practice and meditation and ....work. When it's usually easier and much more beneficial to just move things physically but I agree we have so much mental powers that we don't tap into. . . It's not really magic. I guess you could call it that....but there's a science to it as well.
it's how your bairn works. how you feel, think, and see. it's very complex.psychology is the study of human mind which include thoughts and feelings...The study of the mind and soulHi, Psychology refers to the scientific study of the human mind, its states and its processes.. I have been studying psychology for a few years now and it is very involved!!!! All the info is far too great to write in a few short sentences.
BE FRIEND OF PERSON LIKE YOU.  DO GOOD THINGS DO NOT CHEAT OTHERS.  RESPECT ELDER YOU WILL LOSE ALL YOUR INFERIOR COMPLEX.inferiority complex is a common feeling. even a person who excels in many areas may be prone to inferior complex in the area he is not accustomed to much.. to over come this complex  , one can find the things he loves to do or he is much interested in and can develop more in it.so he gains confidence.confidence is an enemy of inferiority complex.. when one suffers from this its better comparisons with others are not much made.bse all of us are not blessed with the same talent.at the same time God is never partial to leave anyone of us without talents.so finding our talents and making more out of them is the best way to overcome inferiority complex.Think positive and be openhearted and mingle with people,chat go on outings.  Dont degrade yourself or compare with others. Be satisfied with what you are and try to improve upon it .YOU ARE NOT INFERIOR, BUT A MEMBER OF WORLD'S HOLISTIC FAMILY. TREAT OTHERS AS YOUR LOVING ONES....Count the blessings that you have.  Like, you are normal - without any physical deformity.  If you notice there are deformed people but it does not deter them to achieve success and be confident, how much more for you.  You have a loving heart .  You have a brain.  why feel inferior?  We all are made from dust and all will be dust again when we die.  We are equals, so why feel inferior?  Each of us has our own positive traits but nobody is perfect.  Go out there and circulate.  You'll discover , everyone has his own weakness and there is no need to feel inferior.  Good luck.From my own life experiences, it seems people with inferiority complexes are sensitive people who have not been praised enough as a child.  They're never told of their good traits and so they don't believe they have any. They need to build their self confidence as an adult which isn't always an easy undertaking. The best way to do this is through psychotherapy. For an exercise, write down five good things about yourself. If you are having an extremely hard time, you lack self confidence. If you named things like I have nice toenails, again, still a problem. Keep a list of all the good things about yourself, add to it when someone compliments or praises you, add to it when you do something you feel proud of. As you build your list, you will be building your self esteem. Best of luck.First thing to find is what is the cause of IC.  Whether you think you not good at studies, or you feel you dont look good, etc. Believe you are the best.  No one can be good at everything. So focus on the best What is the self-image you carry about yourself?  Always feel good about yourself.  Believe that you carry lot of qualities that could take you to success, make others like you, help you make relationship.no human being is inferior, we have to tap our potential, keep seting targets, keep driving ur inner force on the target, no matter what people have to say, just go ahead u will win , losing is a delayed success.Focus on what's good and right, rather than what's bad and wrong. Realize that there are others that are worse off than you.  Granted, there are some that are better off, but many who are worse off.  Also, why do you care much about impressing others that you don't know, don't care about, and will never see again?  . . Turn your attention onto other people.  Observe all the ways they strive to be noticed, admired, appreciated, and recognized. compliment them and make their day.  It will feel good inside for you.  We all want the same things.  We just have different ways of obtaining them. You don't get internal validation by 'besting' others.  You get validation by giving it to other people, and it always comes back to you.. . You have to give others what you want for yourself (from them.  Empathy is the singlemost attractive human quality, so practice putting yourself in the shoes of other people.   . . Acknowledge others, notice them, praise them, admire them, appreciate them, give them recognition for their efforts and their redeeming qualities.. . Learn how to break the ice, build rapport, and draw people out of their shells.  Those are skills that are learned, and can only be learned when you're not worrying about yourself all the time.. . That, is how you overcome your feelings of inferiority.Basically Inferiority  complex stems from low sef -esteem / lack of confidence.......low self image etc. And this could be due to our past experiences, with people and  situations. To overcome . this, has to be a gradual process .........where you start building your positive self image.........focus on what your are good at and try to improve what your think is not right. You have to say this to your self each day ..........I CAN DO IT, I WILL DO IT/ I AM CAPABLE.  It is also important to undertsand what kind of inferiority complex, is it  to do with appearance/ your grades in school/ college. And accordingly deal with it... So, start with positive fillers for your self............like it is good day.........I am going to do this / achieve a goal. Work towards it, without letting the feeling of failure control you. All of us are afraid to face failure and accept it.........so think of an extreme of what can happen  if you don't achieve and also another extreme if you do....succeed. I am sure you will find this very exciting and worth giving it a try ......coz then you are not afraid of the unknown as unknown is now known to you...........So, all the bestget a pair , and try using them !Be brave, I guessknow what makes you inferior,,. see that reason,, compare it to you.. know your strenghts and weaknesses, now ask yourself... what is it in you that is so inferior to others?. make use of your strenght, share and let others notice it in a kind and ethical way.... list your weaknesses. then try to improve.. change it, then compensate.. have a close friend who will understand you for sure... then have one on one talk, what they think of you, as them to tell you all the missing thngs you have to improve.... now, if it doesnt work... the best person to approach is a psychologist he she will give you the guidance and the actions to do, realization and reflection to yourself.., if theres a lacking piece of all go to a psychiatrist.You need to rephrase this...I mean there are all different types, with no details how can we comment?
Hunny it only makes you stronger if you let it, look at it as privelage! my childhood sounds pretty similar....it takes so much time to get over it, it's not easy, but not impossible either.... you're human..and life is not easy.... just know that you are who you are, and the miserable past will only make you more compassionate towards people in your life..... everyday is a new day... live life to the fullest, you will never live the same moment twice...can't spend it miserable...you will always be different from the most around you... but its no fun if we were all the same.... God is your real daddy, and husband.... he always loved you, and will continue to do so eternally!You just started putting it behind you by knowing you have and issue and need to rid it from your life.  The first thing you need to do is talk about it with a therapist or counselor, or even a support group.  It's called PTSD-Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and this can follow you around for the rest of your life if you do not seek help.  A lot of people don't realize certain situations, comments or whatever can trigger this.  Battered women, children who were abused-these people usually suffer for years after.  Good luck.Only you can release yourself from your past.   If you want to move on bad enough, you will.  Your parents may have been damaged and dysfunctional.  This doesn't mean that you also have to be this way.  Value yourself and think of how strong you are to have gotten this far considering the odds.  You have the freedom to free yourself.  Don't waste your life looking back.go and see a counselling n and find a trustworthy friend n talk to her about it believe me it really helps alot or u could go to a support group sorry you went through a hard time i hope u find the help you need n put it all behind you n have a happy lifeThere is help and you CAN recover but it takes a great deal of work with the child inside you.  A therapist may be able to help.  Here's a web site: http://therapists.psychologytoday.com/ppc/prof_search.php?iorb=4764.   Good luck.  The basic process is to learn that what happened to you was not your fault and that you are a good, worthwhile, valuable person.Therapists can helpcounsellingI would talk to a psychologist, they will be able to help you block out these events.Massive amounts of boozeI think doing your best to find love will put the sadness from your past behind you. As they say, love is the only house big enough for all the pain in the world. Time heals, and so does love. I know from experience. If this doesn't help a therapist can talk you through your problems.
Well your talking lucid dreaming really, being able to control your dreams. If before you go to sleep you make a concious effort to be part of your dream, try moving within your dream or saying something strange like 'peaches' every time you are in a dream you could be on a step to lucid dreaming. Often though even if you manage to relive part of an old dream it will change before having a chance to do control it the way you want to.I had the same desire once. As a child, I had a dream that someone was chasing me, making fun of me, and squirting me with a squirt gun. I awoke. I was determined to have the same dream with the roles reversed. I went back to sleep and that's what happened.yupSpirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your free dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly
Nurture is more important because it teaches us moral and ethics.Nurture is far more important because we pick up on what is happening around us.. . That's why today's generation is so different from their grandfathers.
Many early colonists were willing to put up with great material hardships in order to have freedom and self determination.. . Capitalism.Democrasy, and freedom of religion!
Trying to be concious about what you think all the time.  Push out the negative and make room for the positive.  Meditation will help  achieve patience, which will make change easier.Go to a hypnotherapist.  That works for some people but not all.  Try your luck.  If it works for you then you haven't wasted a cent.  If it doesn't then let that be a lesson for you.Maybe replacing negative self-talk with positive. I've also heard that writing affirmations down and doing something 21 times is very effective, and entrenches new neural pathways.Programming to do what ? Think of a promblem you have before you sleep & the subconscious mind would solve it.. Read , think a lot, don't waste time , be displicined & so would be your mind.
Because they can see ghosts.Dogs are a member of the wolf family, so maybe it stems from that  they still may  have their wild side, and that the houling is a part of it.Often a dog howling can set others off in the vicinity,causes are various in that they can howl cos they hear a wailing fire engine,ambulance or similar.. Maybe their owners are away and they feel miserable and howl as in sadness plus I have known dogs to howl cos they are locked in small confines.. They like us express themselves, this is one way for them to communicate their feeling to other dogs as well as trying to get attention of their owners...hope this helped..CheersActually, I think there is a sound or noise only they can hear.  If more than one dog is doing it; they probably feel some discomfort from the noise.It is said that Animals can see and sense supernatural beings.. May be Dogs sense them in their area and to ward the evil spirit away they start barking at the same time.
they would say..............."its your round next"Marx (conflict) would probably say that binge drinking is one of the ways that the bourgeoise make sure that the proletariat stay subordinate and continue to show up for work - people work, get paid, spend all their money drinking, and have to keep working in order to make more money... the cycle continues, and the bourgeoise maintain control of the means of production, while the proletariat are left with no option but to continue producing in order to survive.  Binge drinking helps to keep the capitalist machine working.. As far as the functionalist theory, think about how binge drinking contributes to society (it must contribute somehow if every part exists to make the larger society function as a whole...).  Fuctionalists might say that binge drinking helps to advance society by weeding out the dumber, slower people (much like natural selection works in nature) - most people live their lives and contribute to society without much trouble.... binge drinkers may contribute, but they can cause more harm by binge drinking and fighting, commiting other crimes, etc... and these are the ones who are weeded out.  The dumber, more useless members of society drink themselves stupid and drive their cars off cliffs, slash each other's throats with broken bottles, etc...  leaving more smarter, useful members of society to make sure that it continues to grow and function...
they think you are always in an angry state of behaviorIt describes someone that is obsessive and compulsive.. A few examples...washing hands repeatedly, can't stop cleaning things, getting up all in the night to check things.It basically means you do things with a paranoid attitude. For instance, you are a neat freak, buy things just to buy them, must have everyting a certain way because if you don't it will ruin the world.Look here.Desire overrules objectivity to put it simply.  Obsessive-compulsive disorder,  an anxiety disorder, with  a potentially disabling condition that can persist throughout a person's life. The individual who suffers from OCD becomes trapped in a pattern of repetitive thoughts and behaviours that are senseless and distressing but extremely difficult to overcome. OCD occurs in a spectrum from mild to severe, but if severe and left untreated, can destroy a person's capacity to function at work, at school, or even in the home.
Through media by all means.Through discussions and practical demonstrations.This is a serious question,and can do a lot for the betterment of the mankind.. I think chapters should be added to various books of all the standards(at all levels). In India schools are utilising the PTA fund for the personal needs of the schools and school authorities,this is high time that it should be utilised for educating such things by creating situations and letting the children participate actively.After the drill the video coverage should be shown to the students to tell them what was right direction and which students were on right track,such students should be given awards in the shape of mementos and cash.. Elder people do not have the tendency to learn what to talk of listen,therefore such things should be taught at school level.seeing as Myspace is a popular advertisig place 4 many artists and movies... and its probably the mostvisited site by young adults... maybe you u could make a profile.
grab a mexican. He'll do it for about $20.Look in the local paper for a handyman with a ladder.   Or get a proper roofer in.
Oil prices ARE quoted spot. At least Brent oil is.Good QuestionI really don't know , but I would lie to , if anyone has the answer
Because very few people have an understanding about what Psychology is.. . Though on saying that, I read a good article about clinicians who do actually use dream analysis (to what success I have to wonder) who talk about the standard interpretations being useless as we are all different and so we should look at interpreting our own dreams individually. As they said, what a house means to a builder might mean something different to an arsonist.. . I still see the whole thing as crap so I agree with you 100% but for those out there who really must use dream interpretation, look at your dreams by yourself.the interpretation of dreams has been a part of psychology since before it was called psychology.. . Dreams do have meanings, though not every dream is hinged in reality the symbolic meanings of things in dreams can help sort out some concerns of some individuals some times.. . No it can't really be tested empirically but lots of things that are real can't be tested empirically.. . Though psychology is science, people are not and as the subject of psychology is people it is bound to be relatively unscientific at times.dreams are made in your mind, the definition of psychoogy is the study of the mind put two and two together duh!Ok.   I'm not in possession of a degree nor would you, I'm sure consider me as "erudite" as you.  But, I'll take on your question. I don't agree with Freud either.  So, how do you explain precognitive dreams that I have had since I can remember at the age of 8?  I guess archetypes are bull, too, huh? Why would dreams be part of our evolutionary process.  Why would a human being  have them if they served no purpose.  I am serious.  Give me the benefit of your education and let me know if dreams occur because they are just a daily dumping ground for thoughts that served not one purpose? . . I disagree with you Sir.  I definitely believe dreams can be interpretive.  There are anecdotes in history of famous inventors and creative people who credit their theories, and creations on the gifts of the dream.
Asking what is worth more is like asking what is worth more 1 hour or 3600 seconds?  Both are the same amount, just measured in different units.. . At a bank you can swap $US1 for around 117.8Yen, so this means that can swap $US250,000 for 29,461,104Yen, or in other words, around 29 million Yen.It will be worth the same as in US dollars except in yen.  It's like asking what weighs more, a ton of bricks or a ton of feathers?
you think that is bad - mine got removed three times - mine was - "why do some ladyboys look better than some women? (no, i am NOT gay" - what the hell is wrong with that? - i think there are dickheads going around reporting people for bullshit while yahoo gives no recourse for defense what so everi dont see anything wrong with it. are you sure it was removed?I don't know I thought it was a good questionmaybe someones phobia is that question...haha
Most modles for most things are sexy, or at least appealing. You rarely see a heavy person eating in a food commerical, even if it is for something like Wendys. Companys use attrative modles because in our mind we project ourselfs into their situation. If they use someone whos not very appealing, we would see that as an unappealing product. Using a sexy modle in VS add makes us think "wow! shes sexy in it, so ill be sexy in it". This doesn't always work with all people, but a lot of people think this wayi think that the guys just look at the models and wonder if their woman wore that would she look like that. its pretty much eye candy.Sex sells. Psychology is great for sales. No names are that important when purchasing any productMen don't need to remember.............the models are just eye candy for them. I think they (VS) target men, so they will buy the underware for their wives and girlfriends.Because Victoria's secret is....she's a slut!!!  Actually it serves 2 functions.  1 - To get me in the store to buy items for their wives/girlfriends.  2 - Women can appreciate the female form and it gives them the confidence to try new items.  It's all about marketing.Women are beautiful creatures and sex sells...I think the idea is that a woman will look at those models and think, "Wow, if I wear that bra/panty, I'll look like Adriana Lima!!"  Cuz that's what I think of course when I put on my Ipex bra....  They probably sell more lingerie that way.The Sexy tactics of Victoria's Secret are not meant to turn women on, they are meant to ignite their femininity within themselves. Women are beautiful, sexual beings, and Victoria's Secret tries to offer them a feminine touch to be able to make them feel sexy and desired, despite the fact that they are working 40 hours a week, going to school, having children, cleaning, etc etc. It reminds women they are sexy no matter what, and sexy can be comfortable as well.Victoria's secret is............................... She's a dude!!!Maybe they figure that men buy a lot of their lingere as gifts for their wives or girlfriends.. . . So, they figure that men will see the ads, get really horny, and then want to buy their underwear for their woman.. . . And, since guys really don't know anything about women's underwear, don't remember the type of underwear the girl had on in the commercial (since we were too transfixed by the model's big boobs) and in general aren't as good at comparison shopping as women are, when we get to the Victoria's Secret store, their salespeople will steer us to the most expensive items in the store. . . Also, a lot of folks don't know this, but a guy own's Victoria's Secret - maybe he likes to have sexy busty women in the commercials just because he likes sexy busty women (and he gets to meet all of them, since he owns the company)some of us men do remember the names of the models and actually do research to find more of their work.. The idea behind it is, I think, besides trying to get us to make our girlfriends and wives go out and get the sexy stuff, is that it's more pleasing to the eye to have symetrical and ballenced women modelling.  Do you think that not sexy women would increase sales.  besides the strange fact that some women think that they will be more sexy if they wear these things, some men think that their women will look more sexy too.No, but they sure the heck will remember the name of the Store and that will get them there, the sales reps will do the restIt's just a secret that everyone knows about.  Yes, men will know and remember Victoria's well-known secret.cause when the man looks at the ladies in underwear, it kinda turns them on, so when a woman sees the ads, the woman thinks if she gets that outfit she will turn her man's head.my experience is that my bf tends to remember what the model was wearing or lack there of so when i describe something i reference the model and then i get exactly what i want! So that's what i have always figured they were for.The point of Victorias Secret stuff is to make women FEEL sexy when they wear the stuff. If we see a sexy woman wearing it, it will make us feel more sexy when we put it on. Its not supposed to make us remember specific styles that the models had on, its just supposed to get us to mentally pair Victoria's secret products with being sexy, so when we want to be sexy, we naturally think of VS.the models are targeted at both men & women -i know men that i have been with will always ask me if i'm wearing victoria's secret when they start undressing me & see my bra/panties - it seems to be a turn-on to them when i say yes i'm wearing VS - i guess it's like a fantasy to them - being with a victoria's secret model or a chick that is at least wearing VS lingerie, so that will prompt me to want to please my man & always wear VS.
A hummingbird moves its wings so fast it can hover in one place.  the same is true for a helicopter with its propeller.It means a hummingbird can hoover in one spot, like a helicopter.A hummingbird is the only bird that takes off by flying straight up rather than on an angle the way other birds do.Hummingbirds are known for their ability to hover in mid-air by rapidly flapping their wings, 15 to 80 times per second (depending on the species). Capable of sustained hovering, the hummingbird is the only bird that has the ability to fly deliberately backwards or vertically, and to maintain position while drinking from flower blossoms.a hummingbird is fast with its wings and moves nimbly.They both can take off backwards.
cold hearted people are nihlistic and just don't care about anything. . soft people care, but don't know how to express anything or assert themselves. gl.indifference they  show no emotion acts can of cold ness can be very good but thease folks will give tell sign like licking their lips or blinking something to let you and themselves tell that they are lyng true nutts of coldness . show no signs they are inable to feel so very sad they will be like a died burn out tree or something unable to get the emotion so indifference is all that is expressed.An example is Jack Bauer. When he's working he's cold and hard hearted. When he's not, he's soft & sensitive. That could also be an example of a split personality.
thrust has to do with the speed of the aircraft,creating enough speed to achieve lift.The wing gets lift by air traveling faster under the wing than on top of it.Drag is used to stabilize the aircraft(ailerons etc.)gravity is what happens when you slow down the aircraft,creating less lift(air under the wings)Here you go:. . Trust - forward momentum. Lift - the force against the underside of wing for flight. Drag - the force pushing against the forward momentum. Gravity - the force pushing downward, toward the center of earth.. . All these are critical for an airplane to fly and land. One without the other would be disasterous. In this combination, an airplane can safely take off, fly, and land.
basically it is significant to our lives. simple/basic economics will make us understand demand and supply. you would know the basic flow of economy in your country. And as well as you would understand that how come your country is still in growth or in decline stage economy. And most important thing you would know is when is the time how would inflation would come in. furthermore in economics you would understand how would your countries currency makes its value increases or decrease or what are the factors that affects a Dollar decrease it value or increase its value.Economics can be tedious and boring.  But money has impact on society, environment and politics.So many people have extremely ignorant opinions about economic matters that it leads to bad public policy.  For example the people who tried to take generators to hurricane Katrina victims got them confiscated for price gouging.  These generators never made it to the people who would have gladly paid for them.  They were taken there at an extreme expense.  This was the reason for the high price.  Everyone should study economics because we live in a democracy, and public policy is created by popular opinion.  If we lived in a dictatorship it wouldn't matter so much.For the same reason you have to study the basics of anythingBecause through our whole life we will deal with economics, and to really understand it, one must start at a basic course, then the classes get more difficult and intricate.Your rights as a human are based upon your knowledge more than your resources.  If you lack knowledge in basic things in life, people can legally take things away from you or deny you things you should have but due to lack of understanding you cannot get.. . Economics is the study of how people behave when there is scarcity.  If you do not understand how the world works at the most basic level, how do you expect to survive and prosper?Somehow you will use this during your life time. Trust me, it is not for nothing.As an Economist, Economics will teach us on how to become a rational person --- a good and reasonable consumer.All you need to know is that supply meets demand at a price. . . Economists have been trying to complicate it for years, but basically it all boils down to that.
People who don't talk negatively, always see the bright side, always put a positive spin on things, . People who are smiling, assertive, friendly, and radiating optimism, people who seem very confident and don't see the bad as much as the good...A person that has a positive attitude smiles       a lot and never bosses you around,.    or treats you like an employee. . They bring out the best in .   you and not the worst in you. . They talk about the good things in their life and other people's lives more then the negatives things in their lives and other peoples lives. They do not hog the entire conversation. . They include everybody in the conversation and They don't just talk about themselves.. They ask question's about you also.They never bring you down. They always have good things to say to you and others.They smile.They are as seriously deluded as the people with a negative attitude! ( overstated for effect ) I only will recognize and treat with people with a realistic attitude.Do not judge people on their looks and actions!!! . If you do, then you risk to mistakenly take a serial killer for a person with a positive attitude. My answer - you never know...you can tell by they way they walk they have a bounce in their stride and they are bubblier and always smiling.They smile a lot, and the smile shows in their eyes. They say "I can do that....", and then they do. They learn from mistakes as well as successes. They get discouraged like everyone else, but tend to deal with it by coming up with solutions, instead of complaining overly much. People with a positive attitude realize that they may not be able to control the rest of the world, but they can choose their reactions to it.. . Look for them... they tend to have people who speak well of them, and are at no loss for friends or companionship.They are smiling.  They say nice things to you--compliment you.  If asked for advice, they will give you a good outlook on the situation, and they will listen to you and not talk about themselves all of the time.  They encourage you to do better.  You feel good just being around them.
They were tough and brutal men out of necessity. They had a sense of adventure.Scandinavian?. Good sailors.. Adventurous. Traded alot.The early Vikings were Scandinavian people who arrived in 982 AD to Greenland.  They were different from later settlers in that they didn't cause destruction of Native populations. Because they were from a colder climate it is believed that they didn't carry many of the diseases that later decimated Native populations.  They created settlements throughout Newfoundland and Greenland, however the reason for their dissapearance is still unknown.  Their first settlement occured in Greenland but they called it Vinland (founded by Leif Ericcson, an outlaw).  They also used the term Skraeling for Native populations, they feared these populations so trading among each group did not occur.  Because of this, violent interactions rarely occured, there is documented evidence though that some tension and warefare still happened.  Their settlements can still be found today however the burials found to not account for the entire population.  . . Early Vikings in Europe were characterized as having small farm settlements.  They were also excellent fisherman and hunters.  During the Viking Age, they were renouned for their shipbuilding and sailing abilities, in fact they are said to have been the best in the world. They were pagans who based their beliefs around Norse gods.  They were also known for raiding the coasts of Europe.  They often built settlements where they raided. They had a thirst for adventure, new settlement popped up because of this but also because of overpopulation and dissention among the group.  . . Hope this helps!* superstitous. * love of life. * honourable. *craftsman. *powerful. *wide-traveled. *definite believers of their faith. *valiant. *smart. *hardyStrong. Imaginative/story-telling. Hardy people. Survivors. Brave. Traders. Pagans. Alcohol drinkers. Erm, cannot think of any moreThey didn't shower much.... and they loved those WUNDERBAAAAAAARS, HA HA, HA, HA!!. . (you'd have to have seen the TV commercial)Vikings were very good at crafts in building ships, Homes and bridges. trappers, covered in hair, large bones, thick muscles, brown to blond hair, very high cloistral, and heart decease.They had long hair and beards and wore little hats with horns on them.  They pillaged every place they came to and were very vicious.
Eat well, play well, make people grin from time to time, and enjoy life. All things in moderationPrevention is better than cure.The social model of health looks at the causes of ill health rather than just curing the illnesses. If someone lives in a highly polluted area, its no use treating them for asthma etc and sending them back to that environment, only for it to become worse. The social model of health aims to identify and remove the causes of ill health and therefore, removing the illness.You are what you eat
It adds to inflation and pushes up interest ratesIt leaves us ALL skint ....In the short-run, rising debt means higher inflation and higher interest rates.  In the long-run, it may also mean higher taxes.
because there are pills that exist, pills make money, scare parents, parents buy pills, pills make money, money buys air time on 6pm news. news scares parent to buy pills.School Board are the one who's concern about this thing because,  their concern about the out come of the result the CAT Test.  It is hard to handle kids who has this symptoms.ADHD usually gets more attention because its more profound, the kids can become rowdy and loud which screams look at me. . whereas a child with depression is quiet and so most don't notice as muchcuz it's the in thing.Probably because ADHD has more vocal lobby groups, and it seems to be a catch-all for misbehaving kids. If parents can find a 'cause' for their noisy and disobedient kids, wouldn't that be more desirable than having people simply say their kids are badly brought up? Not saying that ADHD isn't a real problem - some kids really do need help for it - but that ADHD's draw factors are more compelling than those of depression and anxiety.. . Also, the fact that kids are sometimes prescribed drugs for ADHD instantly gives it controversy. Most kids who suffer from depression and anxiety are given counselling over drugs, so less controversy there.. . Plus, having it on Desperate Housewives definitely gave it even more attention!
I'm closely linked.  I am more awake at night, and feel more sleepy during the morning.  I do my best work between the hours of 5pm - 12 am, and when it's a full moon - boy, do I get snappy! ;-)In the Fall/Winter we are on Standard time. Therefore, it's dark when I get up and dark when I leave work. I find that the absence of light affects my moods (negatively) and reduces my energy and creativity.
Antidepressants. Force yourself to attend as many functions as you can muster the courage.  The more you do it hopefully the more comfortable you'll become.See a Dr., describe your symptoms, in fact, write all of them down before you go, because it may be hard to remember when you are there.  Just approach it like you have a problem that needs to be solved, and hopefully the dr or nurse practioner or physicians assistant will work with you.  if you don't have insurance or cash, calll the local community mental health and make an appointment.. . The right medicine or balance of medicine will help you feel better, and see phobias as something less threatening, in time, and you will learn to adjust with the help of the medication.  Also, find a good self help book, if you don't have a decent bookstore near you, try amazon.com . The right self help book will make a world of difference as well.It's all to easy for people to say "snap out of it" when a person is depressed, but I think the answer to it is whether you are a negative or positive person. negativity only bring on more negative thoughts, if you think positive it opens up a whole new world for you..............I speak from expeirience. when you awaken in the morning and feel ready to face the world you're half way there. good luck to you.I take Paxil for it.there are no cure for it for it you just have to face it and only you can conquer it Good luck
You can't measure the wealth of a nation without the poor.Choose a windy night during the next winter and try sleeping in your back yard without a blanket.They only live for themselves and had no official functions within the society.Waiste of air type of people.The Homeless can't get jobs..they can't get benefits either...with no address. If they were not homeless, they would be able to have food to eat, clothes to wear and maybe get a job. they can't get healthcare because you can't see a MD without paying up front.Society suffers because these people can't work and contribute..we suffer because a lot of homeless people steal just to be able to eat day to day or they still blankets to cover up with...It affects everybody in one way or the other.In Japan they pick up the homeless people and return them to their families, and shame the families into taking care of them. So I've heard? I've also heard an alcoholic person tell me he's jealous of the homeless people on skid row because they do nothing but drink.
Laissez faire is a French term that means "hands off". In economics it means that the government stays out of the economy and lets things work themselves out.Just look in your dictionary.  You don't have to ask us or go on line, simply turn to "L" in your dictionary.
All three are considered social sciences, but they are learned via different perspectives.  Psychology is the study of the mind.   A person studying psychology learns about the functions of the brain in INDIVIDUALS, among other things such as emotions, dreams, and memory.  Sociology is the study of interactions between people.  A sociologist will look at things like group behavior (e.g. "groupthink," where those in a group will often be inclined to agree with the majority in order to move meetings along, even if the best ideas have not been presented) and interpersonal relationships (e.g. what is needed for love to develop).  Finally, anthropology is the study of cultures.  An anthropologist may travel to foreign countries and record the ways of people of these different environments.People operate governments and economies. Anthropology, psychology, and sociology offer distinctive perspectives on the behavior of individuals and the groups in which they live. These social sciences can provide citizens with useful tools for analyzing the motives and activities of the individuals and groups they encounteroff the top of my head (without looking it up) as I recall, psychology is (the study) of the mind, sociology is about people, and anthropology is about animals.  Sure, if you know the mind it will help you understand the reactions of people and animals.it is stuff that great stories are made of... when the facts become legend print the legend...they are tied to funding and exploitationthey are related because they are all "social sciences" psychology focuses on the individual, anthropology is the study of the cultural development of people, and sociology is the study of human social behavior. studying psychology alone won't give you a wider knowledge of the other two, thats why they are different subjectssociology is the study of man as a social animal, . anthropology is the study of the evolution of man from an animal.,. . hence when one studies psychology he has a better idea of the anthropological and social effects that are on the mind of a human being., thus you will have a better knowledge in sociology and anthropology too.
i think the fact that they are opposite sexes, means there will always be a vaste difference.. but there is no need to limit our differences, because we should all have some unique qualities to our personalities, that we can learn to accept and explore.Be honest with yourself and others. Accept the differences that do exist and realize deep down we all want the same things but we pursue it differently. Understanding, compassion, and open communication helps.Maybe it is the differences that make us attractive to each other.Why would we want to to that?  Men are men, women are women, and that's the way it should be.  Even when a woman has an equal education, a better-paying job, as much economic and social independence as most men, we still don't want either us or our men to lose the characteristics that make us different from one another.Where would be the fun in reducing the differences? A woman doesn't want to marry a man just like her, she wants to marry a man that compliments who she is & has strengths in the places where she has weakness. The question you should be asking is, How can communication be improoved between the opposite sexes. Someone whol interests you, challenges you to think outside you box & can make take a look at the world from another perspective is only achieved through these differences. Embrace them!Why would anybody in their right mind want to reduce the differences?  It's the differences that make the world go 'round!  Feminists want to reduce the differences and look what happend (and still happens) to them...they become angry, unhappy and live unfulfilling lives.  That should teach you something.  Men and women were designed the way they were because that's how they best function.  It's extreme arrogance to think we know better how we should have been made.  It would be like letting your child tell you when he should brush his teath and go to bed...bass-ackwards.Raise babies as humans first, and let their genders take care of themselves later.castrationIf by "differences" you mean conflict, I'd say the best way to help the genders communicate is to realize that our gender roles are social constructs and have not always been set in stone, nor do they have to be in the future. Gender is a continuum that is not absolute, so assigning qualities to people of different sexes (e.g. all men are tough, all women are emotional) is pointless and merely illusory."There is a small difference between men and women but. Vive la differance!  -  Pepe Le PeuPLASTIC SURGERY!!!I am cynical and don't think we can.  I don't think we ever will.  Men are hardwired to oppress and connive, and women have learned to connive and manipulate as a survival tactic.  Peace between the sexes will depend on 1) men stopping the bull___, and then 2) women forgiving and trusting them.  . . After the long legacy in mankind of men taking advantage of women, and especially after these very dark past twenty or so years with men in America basically treating women like garbage, the first option might be possible but I think the second one is a pipe dream.. . By 2020 women will NEVER trust men again.  That's a fact.dont. if we were the same what would be the point. most women think there supirior anyway an now adays its all jus political correctness gone mad. i mean yer equal rights but let us hav differences.By changing the biology of each or either.You can not reduce the difference, but you can change the way that difference is used to divide and make it more about acceptance of that difference.Both sides need to compromise alittle more. No one is better than the other. "Pick your fights" think about the long term effect of a disagreement....is it really that important? If not, then back away..if it is, then standfirm.
Subliminal messages don't have an effect on our behavior. Because they are subliminal (the subliminal is below the liminal-the smallest detectable sensation) they wouldn't register in our Conscious brain, therefore having no real impact on a human. They often aren't consciously detectable which means that you wouldn't realize the messages was there, thus you wouldn't act on it. There have been a few cases about subliminal messages in music that supposedly caused people to committ murder-you should search for those and decide what you think.Subliminal messages don't really work.  Numerous studies have shown that the whole idea is a sham.
It is NOT because we are human. That is an excuse. We are lazy for one thing. We are creatures of habit. We really don't take well to change. We don't like to work on things to change them. We might want to change, but it takes a sincere effort and that means work. That means we might have to admit we made a mistake. Some times something has to happen more than once, we humans just do not learn quickly. O.K. This time it might be different. No, it won't, but we must try again anyway.. . "You didn't learn the first time, did you?"  "You didn't do that again, did you?"  "This time you are REALLY going to get in trouble!"  "How many times do I have to tell you no?" "I told you to not to drink and drive again. Now you will never drive again!". "How MANY times have you been married?" "You are going to marry the SAME person again?"  "Didn't I tell you to use birth control?"  . . Were these enough? How many times in our life do we hear them or say them to someone??????????????  We WILL continue to repeat the same old mistakes.We didn't learn from it the first time. Some times it takes a few rounds before it sinks in and makes sense.Because we're the same old people.It's true that maybe we anticipate that things will be different.  However, some things may be habitual or stress related.us humans are to hard headed and possibly think that soemthing different might occur..Because people always think we can change every thing.................... Were human......thats what we do. ..................Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results is called insanity.  To acheive different results, we need to take a different route, and you just have to want to stop the madness...
it means getting rid of the dead weight, down-sizing ???its another means of limiting capacity in the rtefineries to increase prices by claiming they can't refine as much oil as they are recieving. in terms of manufacturing, it means that they can't produce beyond a given point. it can occur when excess demand creates a need for additional manufacturing but has not the means to meet the higher need for capacity.
here is an oppinion for you. yes i had many bad friendships and relationships. it cost me almost my life till i turned it around into a positive direction. i hungout with the wrong crowd, did what they did, i even was on these peoples spot watch, means that i was followed every where i went, i was voice recorded every thing i said, i even was put on videocam in every room including the bathroom for all to see that was in the bad dogs ring whom was interested in all they heard about how good i was in the hay stack. they all wanted a piece of me like vampire needs thier young blood. this is no joke. i felt if i didn't do what they wanted of my family would die one by one. it took me to get right an to get straight with myself in order to make it right with everyone whom got hurt ,pain, suffering for many years. now im not homeless i got a good job and im soon to have a home to call my own. i am so glad i found my way out of that bad boys circle. i am extremely happy and proud that i finally took a stand for what i truely believe in such as my 3 girls who missed me throughout they'er intire life, my immediate family members, and a few of my closest friends. i am now 3yrs clean an sober. i plan to stay that way. for i did not like or enjoy that ring circle i was haoxed into living. i was an got sweet talk, emty promises made to me which i believed would come true, at that time i looked hot like a model kind a look. i almost had it all. yet i was taken for a fool dropped out of college, was kindnap from several great paying jobs, and most of all i had no way to report this for they went by many cavilion names other than thier own. these people stolen mine an a few family members idenity. i can go on i hope this will help you. if you need more info reply back.Funny you should ask. I just had a 2 1/2 year 'friendship' end this afternoon. It's not your garden variety friendship, however. It started out as head over heels; openly for me, but I didn't find out she felt the same way until a year and a half later. Longggg story. But to the question of being taken for granted. It caused me no end of stress. I easily caried 80% of the load, so to speak, in this friendship. It actually had 2 rather lengthy breaks for just this reason.. . In describing it, I would say that the main reason for stress, for me, was due to the lack of respect on her part for me or the friendship. Respect is extremely important for us males. She readily admitted on numerous occasions that I was very patient and supportive of her as a person as well as a friend and would promise to stop holding me at arm's length. Initially, things would be great for a week or two and then right back to the old grind. . . I found myself frequently running angry conversations through my mind, "telling her off" and letting her know that I was sick of being taken for granted and wasn't going to put up with it, etc. But I would always refrain from actually doing so, to "take the high road", but I couldn't help but think to myself, "I really don't need this aggravation. It can't be good for my health." . . Then of course, there was the stress of waiting for timely responses - or any response at all. Case in point: she was supposed to stop by and see me this weekend (she lives out of state) and promised to fill me in as the time drew near. Yeah, never heard from her until today, after I finally spoke my peace about being blown off by her. Her response was to end the "friendship". . . So, how do I feel now? Truthfully, at first I was going to send some vitriolic reply, but figured that's just what she'd want, so I didn't. But now, after calming down, it's like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders. I mean, sure, it would have been nice to have things work out, but things were NEVER going to change. I kept hoping against hope, as they say, and while there is some small disappointment, ultimately, I'm really just thankful that I won't have to deal with the B.S. anymore. . . I hope this helps. If you have any other, more specific, questions that you'd like to ask that would help you, feel free to contact me.bad friendship:. . manipulators. regulators. bait & switch. selective rejection. deferred gratification. direct oversight. . all will and have killed people, they take u down to their level and beat the hell out of you and give you a guilt trip to show it was your fault, sound familar?I had a best friend since 3rd grade and once we got in the 8th grade she showed her true colors she just left me and talked to lyk i was just another associate in her lyf.It made me feel horrible and not trust any other friend to rely on ever. I have friends i claimm them as my best friends but sadly at heart their just people that i talk to. It may take me a long tyme to trust anyone because it put me in ddep depression and deep thought on a lot of issues.i used to be proud over the no and fidelity of my friend when i was in my early twenties. in my early thirties i keep on remembering an old adage: don't tell your secrets to your friens, if u don't want enemies later!. Besides, The Gita says that:. You're your own friend, n you're your own enemy!
Men do not always understand women and, . . the fat question is one that always gets men in trouble, no matter how it's answer.. . Just never answer yes or I don't know.It generally starts when a guy is not giving the gal enough attention...  Would it hurt for a guy to compliment the one he cares about ?  Obviously YES or they would take care of it before the asking begins.. . Women are different creatures, we simply want some attention and want to feel that we are attractive to they man in our life.. . Men just want beer and soon they are alone with all the beer they want and wondering what the hell happened !wow, you are an angry man...all women want to be attractive they ask there boyfriends or spouse that question because they want to know what you think if you think they are beutiful they well to it is all a result of low self-esteem personally i think it stems from girls not being told they were pretty when they were younger so they have no self-esteem they never thought they were pretty. if you are in a situation and your girlfriend asks you if she is fat. Tell her the truth. Maybe she is over weight but you could tell her she is pretty no matter what and you except her no matter how she looks if that is how you feel just dont lie i would rather you tell me the truth. also if you do tell her you like her just the way she is and she still thinks she is fat. tell her you want her to love herself just as she is and maybe she will start feeling better. remember big isnt always bad until it is out of controlBecause they really want a complement and they are hoping you will say that they do not look fat. Most women who ask this question of men are really insecure and need the approval from others.well it makes us feel better when a man tells us that we're not fat. however, when we ask if this makes our butt look big and if it truely does, say yes but it makes us sexy as hell. its really just a self confidnece thing.Since our culture still talks about it, women keep repeating it.  If they really need to know, they should go ask a girlfriend, or figure out how to evaluate themselves honestly.. Whatever other reasons they have, trust me, they'll come up with new ways to express insecurities and antagonize men forever!Some just ask it to show off their body, others do it because they know they are and hope that the men would be kind enough to say no, some consider it a challenge to improve their self-esteem.Because they dont want to be a discrace to their husbands and want to know the truth and to see if they look goodThe need for reassurance and support. That's basically it. And men who are understanding of this are usually very good guys with a kind heart.LOOK OUT WORLD THE FULL FIGURE WOMEN OR BACK. ITS SHOULD NOT BE ABOUT THE WAY YOU LOOK ON THE OUTSIDE. BUT WHAT YOU  CARRY IN YOUR HEART. BEAUTY IS ONLY SKIN DEEP. YOU CAN BE BEAUTIFUL ON THE OUTSIDE AND HAVE A NASTY ATTITUDE AND THAT WHAT MAKES YOU UGLY TO OTHER. VISE /VERSEI think it's just that the ladies like to hear 'it' sometimes even if it's a lie, lol=P They just like hearing you say that they look great regardless.. Also I'm guessing it's 'cause of a sense of validation, maybe?. To feel that they're somewhat still considered attractive to their male partners.That's easy, they are short sighted.Fishing for compliments.I'm curious. Men, do you ever want us to say that you aren't fat? Or whatever? We all have egos, some bigger than others. We also all have hearts, some more fragile than others. Yes, we are wired differently. I'm happy to admit that I've been more than  a little puzzled by  some mens' responses in my life. I've  also seen the same look on their faces as they look back at me.. . One of the keys is to be there for each other, listen the best that you can. It's not the act that counts, but the intention. I love you, I'm here for you, even if I don't know why you are asking me this same question again. Even friends can do that. I. .  would guess that men might not want to admit that they need reassurance sometimes, but I think they do. Life is too short to fuss so, over why someone does something or not. I've wasted a lot of time doing this, and in the long run, it doesn't help anyone and irritates me. I hope to follow my own advice in the future and seek to be good to those around me, to compliment them, etc. . . Recently I saw my brother developing his first gray hairs. I thought he looked so good, so I told him so. He really did. It was a true statement on my part. He didn't react at all, but maybe, he was pleased, maybe not. I just think he looks so more handsome now. . . Ok. So I'm dating myself a bit here. I thrive on compliments, reassurance and encouragement. IWanting positive loving attention is a basic human need. And yes, I also struggle with self-esteem issues. Just because I ask for a compliment, doesn't necessarily mean that I have emotional problems. Sometimes it just means that I'm asking for what I want. I The bottom line is that I  know what is good for me and I can ask for it. . . I'd much rather spend time with someone who knows what they want and can ask for it, then to spend time with someone who beats around the bush, and doesn't come right out and say what they want or mean.. . There are days and times when I really do need some reassurance and when it's absolutely fine to ask for it. Men, why do you think we women talk so much? Sometimes it's just about listening to each other. We hear each other out and we feel better. We talk to each other and the world begins makes more sense again. It's a mystery. Stop fussing over it, and enjoy each other, as I said before, life is too short not to.Not all women ask men if they are fat. That's like saying all guys are always asking if their equipment is big.. . By the way, do I look fat?it womens need to be excepted even if we are fat thats what the hollywood always tells us if were not skinny were not pretty and no one loves us... even though thats not true. we just want to know that ourman/guy friend or who ever thinks we look beautiful its like an ego thing/ self esteembecause they want the compliment of you saying "no"Because they are insecure,and probably are fat!!!,I mean come on you don't need a man to know if you're fat or not...you need a mirror.Because we want guys to like us and we do not want to be the size of men!women are constantly looking for a compliment....that is why you always answer "no" to if they look fat, and "yes" to if that dress makes them look skinny....i can say that as a woman, that we tend to have low self esteem. we just want the guy in our life to be there for us and to lift us up a little when we are feeling a little bad about ourselves....we might know that guys are just saying that to avoid a fight...but it still makes us feel good. dont read to much into it and just tell them that they dont look fat :DBecause they are fat. They're just hoping to delude themselves because men usually tell white lies xDlow self-esteem.
Hi! I would like to answer that question as a male. Femininity is largely determined by the kind of woman that a man is attracted to. For me, I would rather see a woman neatly, and smartly dressed in a skirt and high heels and panty-hose, than naked!.      I am sure that most men like a clean cut woman, who is pret, fun to be with, and not overtly provocative. Sex is in the eye of the beholder. I personally like a woman who loves to be, and feel feminine. I like demure women, I like spiritual, and respectful women. In short, I want women who are non-judgemental, and not driven to gossip.being feminine is definitely not being soft, weak or feeble.  it means you are a woma, lady, girl and you have your strengths.  so capitalize and realize your potentialI don't think feminine has much to do with being a woman--there are women who are not feminine, and there are men who are feminine...both at varying degrees.. . I understand the idea of feminine to be a person of EITHER gender:  One who possesses gentleness, passivity, softness, and other "qualities" that are generally, though wrongly, associated with being a woman.go to secretsinlace.com which shows the ultimae femine glamour
In sociology, social stratification is the hierarchical arrangement of social classes, castes, and strata within a society. While these hierarchies are not universal to all societies, they are the norm among state-level cultures (as distinguished from hunter-gatherers or other social arrangements).Social Stratification can be viewed as functional for the social order because it motivates people to undertake all the jobs necessary for the society to survive.  Social stratification can also cause conflict, however different social strata with opposing interests can clash with one another over goals and resources.. . Social Stratification has three major dimensions.  They are Power, Wealth, and Prestiege.  The particular value system of a culture determines how power, wealth and prestiege interact to determine where a person is placed in the stratification system.. . Power - The ability to control resources in one's own interest.. . Wealth - The accumulationof material resources or access to the means of producing these resources.. . Prestiege - Social honor or respect.. . The two major types of stratification systems are caste and class. In a class system social position is largely achieved, although it is also partly determined by the class into which a person is born(ascribed) People may move between social classes which form a continuum from bottom to top.  Social classes are characterized by different lifestyles and life chances.. . Achieved status - A social position that a person chooses or achieves on his or her own. (this is open system which anyone can get into). . Ascribed Status - A social position that a person is born into. (this is closed system ). . Life chances - The opportunities that people have to fulfill their potential in society.. . In the US the emphasis is on upward social mobility. but downward mobility among the middle class is also part of the american class system.  Downward mobility is experienced differently depending on one's occupation and values.. . Upward Social Mobility - The improvement of one's material standards and life chances   ( called the American Dream). . In a caste system, social position is largely ascribed.  Boundaries between caastes are sharply defined and marriages is within the caste.. . . I hope that this explains all the aspects of social stratification.
Laughter is an uncontrollable reaction to having received a lot of insight with great suddenness.. . So when someone is distraught and beside themselves, they will cry, and observing that gives you insights.  valuable insights about how someone really feels.. . So, all by itself, it can stimulate laughter.. . This has nothing to do with whether or not you have compassion.I think it may be a nervous response.  You are feeling awkward, and the one thing you think to yourself is 'no don't laugh', its that pressure, your nerves give out, and the next thing you know you are laughing uncontrollably.  Been there done that.
they are supposed to help you come to your own conclusions. how is a stranger that has talked to you for only a few hours (over the span of a few sessions) supposed to be able to tell you the best thing for YOUR life? They don't know you, they arent psychics, their job is to help you explore whats going on in your life and understand yourself better, so that you can figure out what to do on your own.Perhaps they do not have any to give.The psychologist wants the client/patient to be empowered. Not to relay upon them for the answers. But to assist them is finding what is best for them. God bless*A psychologist focuses on deep rooted issues and wants you to figure it out for yourself. You might not listen if he tells you what the problem is, but you must come to realize it yourself.   Besides if they told you what the problem was instead of letting you come to your own conclusions then they wouldnt get paid as much.because he gets paid only half of what  a psichiatrists gets,and he is paid to give solutionspsychology can never provide solutions only suggestions.... . the human mind can only be monitored BY ... the human mind.. so... it is unmeasurable..... . no-one can ever know that any theories in psychology are fact.. therefore they are not definite solutions... only... suggestions!!!because he is in therpy also..a doctor and a patient at once ..Because then he will stop getting paid - ?Actually, a psychologist may properly mention options, which are in a way suggestions. At the same time, telling people what to do can cause a great deal of resistance. Some want to be told what to do, but a solution that comes from the outside can easily become bad advice.. Ultimately, the choice is the client (patient)'s. After all, a psychologist is only human and may be completely wrong.. I see the psychologist's as helper as just that. An empowerer as another response touched upon, someone who helps the person work though issues, explore options, find empowerment, and provide support as the person becomes instrumental in his or her own solution finding and resolution. . I might add, I am doing a second Master's in psychology at this time, but my perception is more practical. The principles of self empowerment were a primary part of my approach to tutoring in the physical sciences and English with adult learners first time round.There are times when it is ok to suggest solutions, but real change and growth occurs when you learn to develop and select solutions on your own. A psychologist isn't a fortune teller or the village wise man. It would not be good to foster dependency with their clients.mmm odd question , but really they do ,if you ask them they will help you with a problem .and you can usually work out the solutions fro mthere answers,by you self ,most psychologist  tend to listen  first ,then wait for you to repond,I believe their purpose is to listen and not offer answers or give opinions.  Apparently psychologists are supposed to guide you to resolving your own issues, not resolve them for you. That is my understanding anyhow. However I believe they can and will give. suggestions. My psychologist did when I was having problems with my teenage daughter'Solutions' is not 'the answer' for clients / patients.. . Answers have to be found by the individual ~ though these are not necessarily defined as 'answers,' but ways forwards. It's often only in retrospect that an individual can see a moment of understanding, a decision and a series of actions as 'the answer.'. . A psychologist / psychotherapists function is to help the person to unscramble their life in a space of safety(where there is no comebacks), and to examine options and find a way forwards.. . The Counselling party can help by paraphrasing what's been said, mirroring situations, and maybe suggest alternative perspectives for viewing and clarifications on issues.. . Sash.Their function is to help you find your own solutions - otherwise, you'd be stuck paying a psychologist for the rest of your life.
Click below for all the information about him.You just never know the same thing happens to people with great success. One day they just up and kill themselves for what ever demons they are possessed by.. Perhaps they no longer wish to be a burden, or perhaps a life long inabillity to cope with thier survival while others parished or knowing that they were successful but still came up short of there own personal satisfaction leading to depression.. . That would be the correct answer I believe ....Depression!. Depression kills more than any other disease!
you have the sense already in you. but you are a hoarder. it is an illness that you will need a counselor to help fix. sometimes it can be dealt with in just a few visits. if money is an issue..like it would be with  me..then go to your community counseling center. they often have free or reduced rate sessions for those who meet the financial requirements. keeping things that are special to you is alright. but making up reasons for keeping things that you may or may not need in the future can be destructive to close relationships. i urge you to talk with someone who can assist you with how to break the habit. good luck!throw stuff away!!! memorabilia should be kept. I have a hope chest that I keep that stuff .Ashley:. . Realize this, no one can realistically take from you your memories, good or bad.  If you really are looking for a solution then consider being realistic when it comes to hording things. After all how much could you pack on your back in the event you had to move quickly.  Surly you might know of someone who served our country in Afghanistan or Iraq.  I am confident that they could offer you some really good pointers.If you're a pack rat and collect everything you see try and collect something in particular. Have a huge garage/ yard sale to get rid of the stuff you need an put a trustworthy friend in charge of it. Then leave until the sale is over, so then you are not tempted to make excuses to put stuff back into your home. Then find a hobbie of something to collect to preoccupy yourself. Also plan your shopping trips and don't go to store where you know you are going to want to buy something. Go to a store you hate, this way you'll leave the store faster and buy only what you need.I hope I helped in some way. =)I married an un-packrat.  This has helped tremendously.  I also got tired of having too much stuff around.  You have to be realistic, if you haven't needed it in a year, throw it away.
It has several meanings.. . Economic as opposed to uneconomic basically means capable of making a profit.. . economic activity as distinct from other activities means something where the work involved is directly or indirectly paid for (usually with money).use a dictionary... probably means you know like the money or goods that you have to run something. I guess something like that, it aint "cheap" for sure.
I think having a high self esteem means you're truly happy with yourself inside and out.  You feel that you have a "full package"  (personality, brains, looks, etc).  Most people who have an ego problem have nothing of value to offer and they cover it up with their arrogance and false pride to appear happy with themselves.People like others with high self esteem, and don't like ego maniacs.Egotistical people don't care what other people think or feel, people with high self esteem are just confident.High self-steem means you feel good about yourself.. Being egotistical means you don't take into account other people's feelings or needs.. As a matter of fact I think you're more prone to be egotistical when you have a low self steem. You tend to think only about yourself because you think noone else will.. On the other hand, it's easier to make other people feel good if you feel good about yourself.Having a high self esteem means that your happy and comfortable in your own skin. Your still nice and considerate, willing to talk about a variety of subjects. Egotistical people, however, are very rude and become quite bored with any subject other than themselves.One is quieter. The other obnoxious.having high self esteem is being confident in yourself, and comfortable in your own skin, not caring what people think about you. Being egotistical is being condesending toward others and feeling that you are better than everyone. When someone is truly egotistical they treat no one as an equal.High self esteem can be held to the self, egotistical people need to display
every decade its the "best" decade,every decade its an evolution from her previous decadewhat ever you like silly ?Early 1900's. No drugs were illegal, electricity was amazing and cars were in their infancy. It all stopped around the time of prohibition.The best decade I don't know.... The past was died.. The future doesn't exist.. The best moment is now.. In the present we can change our future.. Choose the best way and walt to complete your plan.none have been good so far but i hope that in the future there will be peace so no one would do bad to one another that will be the best decadei was not born till 1988 but i guess the 70's.. i have done some reasearch for my english class and i mean hippie (no offense) was the best age.... i mean no fighting, just peace (- the drugs and the population boom) music evoluved too and so did economics... 70's really bought us to this modern world.the 80's. The Music. The President.The 90's for everything but attitude.
One's iq range has an upper limit. Say if you have two people, one with a lower iq but motivated  and one witha higher iq but lazy.. The motivated person can try hard all of the time and do ok or well. But if the lazy person decides to apply him/herself they can do better.Motivation will give you the determination to get there, but intellegence gives you a better chance of getting there.I would have to say that the opposite is true.  You could have all the motivation in the world....  but without the intelligence to properly channel that motivation into a well thought out plan,  it's possible that you'd end up running in circles in an attempt to accomplish your goal.Motivation feeds intelligence. You have your whole life to gain knowledge, but without motivation (desire), ignorance snowballs. Intelligence therefore matters more than motivation because your intelligence [has the function of] reminding you to appreciate your ability to self motivate yourself, for the soul purpose of becoming more intelligent.I think you have to have both, one is know good without the other. The penitentiary's have a lot of intelligent inmates that are intelligent but used it in the wrong way because they had not enough motivation to work hard enough to do something that would pay off in the long run.That's an easy one.. If I want to make money because Oprah has given me $50,000 to invest but tells me I can't ask for help and I get to keep the money I make in the stock market after I give her back the original $50 G's. I am definitely motivated but without the knowledge/inteligence I'll just be going on hopes and dreams.. You can use the gardening analogy too, but if I were you I would stick to food, money and sex to both throw the people off and to keep the thoughts on a personal level. Hope that helps :)))I think the best way to arrive at an answer is BY DOING THE HOMEWORK YOURSELF!! How in the world can you cultivate an original thought if you pose a question like that in a forum like this?
The mind is a powerful tool.. If everyone really wanted peace then I am sure we would have peace.. We, the people, have the power to create peace.I don't know how to expect world peace as conceived here when neighbors living next to each other cannot even get along much of the time.
Money.You need to work to get Social Security after you retire. You also need to work to get work experience for whatever job you do.
Are you feeling insecure about something with him?  Are there some questions inside you about the relationship?  Are you thinking that maybe the relationship isn't as strong as it was?you decode dreams by keeping a dream journal and studiing it! with your daily life!. dreamjournal.com also gives you free dream analysis. . I would need more key words and more of a detail to decode your dream!. by the soundsof it i would say you need to listen more then talk to those peeps your dreaming about!Honey, it means that you have to leave him. That is your mind trying to tell you to get away. You had enough abuse from your dad, you don't need that drama from your boyfriend too. You deserve someone to treat you well to make up for the hard times you been through... Come here, I'll make you feel better.Subconsciously you probably feel unaccepted by your boyfriend's family.  Projecting them being mad is  a way to release your helpless conscience.. . Perhaps, you feel a little less on self esteeem and you need them to be your support.  You dream of them being angry simply because you don't feel any additional support or respect or praise from them.  This is coming out from your subconscious mind.. . . To decode dream, you have to understand your personalities and situation around you, then look at the dream verses reality.One way that always provides some meaning for me is to imagine that every character in your dream represents different parts of yourself.Spirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your FREE dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly. Just remember where you posted your question, your dream interpretation will be under the same section.
No, they should know you are coming!This is the best question ive seen yet. . Well done you!!I agree with you and I always wondered why they need to advertise in the newspapers that they are having a "Psychic Fair or Convention". Wouldn't they all just know!ah... i like that one."Caroline" read my mind and took the words right out of my mouth!Because those who want to see them for a reading aren't psychic! d'oh!!  They might all show up at the same time because they don't know when the other is going to be there. :p  If you want to keep an organized schedule, then see people on appointments, by the hour.  By keeping schecules, they know when to take a break themself.Cos most of them aren't psychic and need to know when you will appear so they can charge you lots of money to tell you a lot of tosh!Unlike doctors and specialists, they charge money and time.People might turn up all at once and the psychic might get too many messages through. They don't want to tell people their wrong future!!Keep it up, 2Good! Love your questions! Very entertaining.why not?Ask them, after all they should know and it will keep their bank managers happy!
Who is "we"?...not always.because there is someone else throwing it away because they are allways getting better than what u gotbecause that is the definition of frustration.  we are programmed to want what we want.  and yeah, i agree that humanity is selfish and self-centered.i feel frustrated because i didn't get what i wantedHumans are selfish and self centered.Sometimes we have the tendency to act like small children again and we have a fit if we don't get our way. It's part of human nature to have our hopes up about something only to be disappointed when it doesn't come through.
mmmmm interesting!. I think the third way is something to do with ladyboys.There's the right way,. There's the wrong way,. and there there is the way it really happens.. . To quote Patton, "No battle plan survives the first five minutes."
Mediate 15 min a day.  lay down in your dark bedroom turn off all sounds and lights and then consciencely try to amagin relaxing your big toe, to your little ..your legs, your thigh, your tummy your back your hands until you are 100 percent relaxed.  This really will help, but stick with it,... 15 min a day isn't too much to ask forI have this problem at restaurants.  I can never pick just one thing off the menu.  Finally, I pick something and eat it when it comes.  I never miss the stuff I didn't pick and I get to eat with everyone else.  My advice.  Pick a topic and stick to it - no matter what.  Put blinders on and don't worry about the stuff you didn't choose.  You will get a lot more done and trust me, you won't miss the stuff you didn't decide on.try to mack it seem fun example if u can't stay on a topic like math think about a boy u like.Block everything you don't want to think about out...1. Practice narrowing your focus.. 2. Turn a mental switch in your head that says that the topic is the most wonderful topic in the world.  . . Worked for me.Take a few minutes each day to make a list of all the other stuff. Just write it down. Sometimes it's helpful to make a daily list, too. Either way, when something's done, cross it off. . . I've found this helpful. I spend less time scanning my "mental to-do list"  because I don't have to keep refreshing it in my short-term memory.If you deal with things as they come along one at a time, perhaps you would be better off. By no means is this a lecture: it's what I have learned to do, so I may focus in the present. Also, don't wait until the last minute to start projects; it causes to much pressure, which can throw off your concentration. Eat right, get exercise and a good nite rest. good luck.Sometimes or most of the times, this problem is a problem of those people who have ADHD or ADD, like me. But my solution of ten with regards to situation like this is bringing with me a pen and a paper all the time or if you have a voice recorder, it will help a lot!!! While you are doing something then you come up with an idea, record it immediately!!! Sometimes even I am riding a bus or taking my shower, i can record things that i need to write later on. Or you can try this simle exercise which was recommended to me by my therapist: Light a candle (Scented candles are the best!). Put it near you or in front of you while you are doing your paper. The flickering light of the candle would make you feel at ease. Try it!!! It works on me.... probably works on you too!!! Good luck and welcome to the "CLUB"!!!
To make more money. Everyone wants more and more; we are never satisfied with what we have. This is just how the world works.to stay billionairesThe same reason ppl work after they are retired.  Because they enjoy doing something.  Do you know how boring it is to sit around and do nothing?Because what else would you do and as somebody once asked Henry Ford:. How much is enough?. His reply: Just a little bit more.What more could it be other than greed!!!!!Because they are good at it and still can—and enjoy it.to get make more moneyto maintain they're status as a billionaire?..........The same reason Tiger Woods still plays golf.. . .money isnt  the thing ,its the game ,   .   if they stopped doing what they do best,which is maken money ,im sure they would get depressed , and they love the chase ,,,,,,,That's the type of people they are. If they stopped working as soon as they got rich, they'd never made it to billionaire status. They'll keep working till they die.used to it i suppose. cant let gomaybe is not for the money. Maybe is for their skills. Maybe people need them to work since they have great skils and need their money to serviveThey enjoy their jobs and they are good at it.Thats how they got to be billionaresMoney does not equal happiness.  Many people still work when they do not need to because they need the mental stimulus, they enjoy being around people, or they are simply bored.i guess to earn more or stay active...
You must talk about it.  Sometimes it is good to talk to a close friend when you feel angry about a problem, or when your angry at someone.  Also it is very good to get out and take a long walk or exercise to release alot of emotional stress. These are my two favorite ways to release anger, hope it works for you!Exercise and meditation.Go for a run or a fat walk, anything physical (that doesn't hurt anyone else) to get rid of the adrenaline you're pumping.  When you have cooled off enough sit down and write why you are angry and how you might be able to deal with it.Stay busy also. Relise the fact that you are strong enough to move on as well. So do some relax reading or listen to some songs to clear your mind as well. Talking to someone about it may take it out. If you have a pet, try that too.Exercise is a great way.  Also, you could do things like boxing.Relaxingexercise...........running, kickboxing, weightlifting......quieter side singing and prayer......good luckRun it out on a tread mill or side walk.  Then soak in a tub with some candles burning.....it does wonders.   You will sleep like a baby too.I have to agree, masterbation is a good one.. . Exercise..... Listening to hard rock music you like...hard rough passionate hot and sweaty sex!self service.... I'm sorry but it really solves a LOT of problems.I go out in the middle of a busy intersection and start dancing like Billy Elliott.
another of those "good old" jokes. . firstly I've never paid attention but I'm not even sure it's true. . secondly those atm's are standard devices and it would be quite costly to make special, non-braille atm's just for the few drive-through sitesHave you ever noticed the way some people drive?  It's like they're blind.  The banks may be making a statement on how asinine some people are when they're driving.There is an expression called, "lawyered up".  They do it for the same reason it says in the lawn mower instructions not to stick your fingers in the path of a moving blade.. . I'm thankful for my eyesight.The driver may be a seeing eye dog!. . JSame reason McDonald's offers Braille menus in the drive thru...lolYou got me there. First of all, the sightless driver have to drive to town, weave into the path that leads to the machine that has the braille instruction, punch his numbers in, wait until the machine spits the money, counts the money and drives off again.so blind people can read itThese are the same questions I like to ask.  Some machines are installed for walk up traffic and others are in drive throughs. My guess is since the company that makes them doesn't know where they will go they put Braille on all of them.In case you are blind drunk when you drive through. Or a blind person is in the back seat.
The normal behavior of humans leans toward the criminal.  He preaches the school of man is inherently evil.What is meant by that is that crime is normalized within society.  The model, if I recall correctly, of a society with normalized crime is that in the very center of the society is the glue which keeps people together.  This glue tends to be some sort of moral ideology, typically religion.  Now, a poor but functional attempt at illustrating this idea:  Picture a donut or a bagel and imagine that you are looking at it from directly above it.  It is sitting in the center of a plate.  You see the circle of the bagel or donut with clear boundaries and a hole in the middle all sitting on a plate..  The hole in the middle represents to center of society, the glue which holds it together.  The plate, donut, and bagel itself all represent society.  The donut or bagel represent that part of society which holds on dearly to the moral standards of the society.  The plate which is not covered by the bagel represents the part of society which perhaps does not always fit in with that the moral center dictates.  (Although looking back, that pastry called a 'honeymooner' or something that is like a donut but it has a dollop sitting on top in the middle of it would be more appropriate.). . Crime is simply a deviation of behavior which contradicts what the moral glue dictates as good, appropriate or socially acceptable behavior.  Essentially, crime is the plate that is not covered by the donut or bagel.  It is a part of society but it is far away from the center as possible - it is deviant behavior.  Crime occurs when the agent who commits the crime strays far away from the moral glue of society.  The donut or bagel itself can't represent society alone as there is no opposition in order to define "right" or "good" behavior.  . . Crime is normal in the sense that it is deviant of the behavior which is thought to be correct.  It is a balance which makes society relatively functional.  With crime present, it creates a need for laws which potentially only strengthens the center of society by defining to the members of society what is right and what is wrong.Durkheim presnted the theory that society was in a state of normlessness.. . Normal is only an average of all actions, therefore crime is as necessary as sainthood to provide a definition of normal.
You gotta make new "grooves" in the brain. We all form a pattern, "grooves" in our brain. How we think, react, what we are drawn too, or what we repel from. When something happens, we automatically fall in to a familiar "groove" for that incident and act upon it accordingly. . . Change your groove babe. "Do" something different next time. Soon you will establish a new "groove" and think differently, act differently the next time. . . (Mental illness is something that should be monitored by a doctor. A simple answer..like above, does "not" fall in to the category for one with severe depression or any other mental illness.)A state of mind can be changed with some new perspective.  Think about all of the excuses a person makes starting with "I can't".. . Imagine how things would change if they replaced "I can't" with "I am not willing to"?. . It would mean that they would have to take responsibility for their lack of effort...... . And what about someone complaining about all of the obstacles that hold them back from accomplishing something....... . What if they were told that there are at least three opportunities behind each perceived obstacles?  (to improve something, to learn something, and to overcome something).. . It's all in how you look at things.  If someone is willing to listen to and accept alternative perceptions, it might give them insight, and possibley even change their state of mind...... . Stste of mind is mostly a choice, and can be changed when given some new perspective......while meditating you are in a different state of mind (alpha waves)Most would tell you drugs.  Especially the smartasses like me.I don't think you can change a state of mind but only grow beyond it. That's not quite even the same as replacing one with another. It's more like a seed sprouting roots and those roots growing stem, flowers and fruits. There are 2 basic ways to accomplish this. One, probably the more common, is gradual and dependent on new actions and behaviors and the new responses that come with those. The second is by brute force. This method I think is likely to be less successful in the hands of most of us but there are a few who seem able to achieve this. When it works it is quick and almost unbelievable. When it doesn't, the person attempting it falls flat on his/her face.Only you can change your state of mind, and it is done, by changing  your thoughts, one at a time. Examine the thought you are having, and decide what you want to change it to. Keep working at it, soon you will become good at it.ONLY (repeat: ONLY) from within.State of mind  is a thought /idea you have fixed in your head . To change or replace it you have to make an conscious effort by thinking some other thing positive and say it /affirmation is the right word a couple of times and your state or mind is changed / replaced. for example ."YES I CAN DO IT" OR I CAN CONTROL MY THOUGHTS. repeat this type of positive sentences a couple of times and you are on top of the world with the right thought in your mind.. Wishing you all the best in your trials for the change or mind or thoughts.
i always drew my sun in the corner too. never thought about why. i guess it is something that you just see, maybe on tv, so you just mimic itI did the same thing, and I think I did it because circles were always hard to draw correctly.( in the sense that they look good) So using the corner made it easierI drew suns wherever ...they were just easier to draw in corners. I remember my babysitters kid showing me when I was about 3 how to draw one....so it could just be how we are taught what we see other kids doing....and since we remember it that way we tend to teach it that way.It might be that that is where we usually see the sun, unless it is setting or rising, in the corner of our vision.  We don't want to look directly at it, But we know it is there.  Kids want to show that it is a sunny day, but you never should look directly at the sun, so it goes in the corner.Children see the sun as a happy thing...I remember have the most fun on the sunny days.
believe in yourself- if you have been a member for thirty years then you already believe in your topic- do you think you would make a good president? if so then develop a speech stating the reasons you feel this way- also give a thought to any argument against you that might come up and ways to respond- practice in front of your friends or family- record and listen to or watch yourself if possible-that can give you ideas on things to add or change. prepare yourself and then when you go up to speak focus on what you are trying to say-not how you feel, look, or sound-fear-needs to be ignored-give your topic the attention it deserves.The only way to overcome it, is to do it. Imagine all of the people in the audience in their underwear or naked, and imagine that they are more uncomfortable in their situation than you are in yours.. . When you do get up there you will be nervous at first but after a few minutes you will be fine as long as you know what you are speaking on well.. . Think of the crowd as your friends and family and that also should make it easier.. . When I was in college I had to give 2 presentations in the same week. The first one was the most nerve racking but I made it through it, the second was a breeze!Practice practice practice, once you ave done that, you should practice some more. I used to be the same way, until I started taking an acting class. I'm sure a speech class will help you more. Know how to talk to a genereal audience. I think the main thing is to tell everyone your name first then tell them WHY you are talking to them. try to close the speech with "Is there any questions?". i like that one. The truth is that it is natural to be shy or scared, some find it eisier than others. I don't, but it isn't that bad anymore.Take a speech class, and start practicing your speech in a mirror. Stage firght is caused by adrenaline, and it is natural to be scared before a big speech, but you can turn it around and use it to your advantage, so like I said go take a speech course or class, it will help tremendously.Of all the "tricks" to public speaking, I think making eye contact is the most important element. Force yourself to make eye contact with the audience. You'll feel the fear disappear. It's very important. In a strange way you'll see that they are actually the ones on stage. So get out there, know your subject, project your voice, and enjoy the show!This is a very good blog, a beginner’s guide to abnormal psychology. . Short, clear and simple; and you can even post your question and contact the author regarding particular subject you are interested in. http://sensitive-psychoworld.blogspot.com/
is what we do natural to our natures? or do we do the things we do because we have been taught by the environment we were nurtured (raised) in?well id have thought it affects how you deals witha child's behaviour.. . imagine there is a chikld in a home. his mother was raped and couldnt bear to raise him. he doesnt know this. if that child grows up to be violent towards other children, do we excuse him and say its in his DNA cos of who his dad is?  If its nature, its a part of him. we can try and restrict the effects of his behaviour, so try and programme him to not do something, but we have to accept that its implicit in who he is. therefore, would it be better to isoloate him becasue of the risk of him being like his father?. . if we assume it is nurture, then we accept that maybe the child has seen one of the other children or adults being violent, or has watched a tv programme when someone was violent. its learnt behaviour which means it can be unlearnt. you would then be looking at behaviour modification with a very good chance of the child behaving. . ultimatly, it afects how we percieve behaviour and how we deal with itBecause most of the time it's nurture and therefore it's the parents fault!!!
YEAH AND ESSENTIAL TOO.yes, I try to think about it, how wonderful it is to do so many things, like taking a pee, or a s** or breathing, to realize we are able to eat, to see, to hear, to just BE ALIVE. Thanks for sharing your question.
i would like to knowIt depends on how the questioner views their question. If they are comfortable with Mental Health, they will choose that category, if they are more comfortable with Psychology, they will use that one. However, all Psychology isn't about just Mental Health. There are other questions that are under that category, not just mental health issues or personality disorders.mental health could include psychiatry. Psychiatrists are drug dealers that practice in the mental health field.  Psychologist work with people's thought processes and try to get people interested in taking steps to correct their bevavioral patterns.
Economics is considered to be a social science because it is a study of human behavior.  There are a number of reasons why the study of economics seems complicated.  First, many students of economics at the high school or college level have never before been enrolled in an economics course.  This is unlike English, math, or history courses which students have studied throughout most of their academic careers.  So, for them, the study of economics represents a radical, new way of thinking about things.  Second, the mathematical and graphical treatment of the subject tends to make economic concepts more difficult for many students to grasp.  Third, the terminology used by economists can be confusing.  For example, the word "capital" to an accounting student often means money.  However, when economists refer to capital as a factor of production, capital CAN NOT be money.  Also, when referring to the factors of production, the term "land" includes all natural resources--not just a plot of earth.  Hence, in economics could be entirely accurate to say that WATER is land!  Fourth, economics isn't an exact science.  Much of economics involves "normative" analysis.  Two people, both well trained in the area of economics, can study a problem and recommend two completely different solutions.  When President Kennedy took office he inherited a mild recession from the previous administration.  At that time there was a federal surplus.  Some advisors felt that the best action to take in order to speed up the economy was to have a tax cut.  This would put money back into the hands of the public thereby increasing aggregate demand.  Other advisors felt the best use of this surplus would be for the funding of federal programs such as poverty programs.  This, also, would increase total demand.  So, much of economics is imprecise.  This complicates the study of economics.Economics depends on Ceteris Paribus, meaning it has to assume that everything stays constant. In a real science, for example Chemistry, when you mix two hydrogen molecules with an oxygen molecule you always end up with water. This is not the case with Economics, what is good and what is bad is dictated by outside factors.Econ is a "social" science because it is a study of how people behave and interact. Everything in economics is rooted in people and their behavior -- as opposed to physical sciences like physics or chemistry, which study materials or the world or the universe. If there were no people, there would be no economy or Economics; whereas there would still be chemical reactions and laws of physics.. . It's complicated because there are lots of people. When you analyze the needs, behaviors, and interactions of lots of people, there are so many combinations, permutations, competing interests, influences, etc that understanding what's happening and why becomes extraordinarily complex -- and attempts to analyze these things necessarily involve complicated math and statistics, data collection, and theory.Economics relies on some mathematical analysis of things like supply and demand;  But demand is governed by a variety of forces, most of which have nothing to do with the basic human needs of food, clothing and shelter.  Evaluating the demand side of economics is largely a study of human nature and the behavior patterns of populations.
Life is what you make it. If it sucks, it's your own fault.because spell check is an extra step. and there is no grammar checkIf life did not suck sometime it would not be meaningful.Life is the pits.So does working out. what dosen't kill you makes you strongerLife su***when you can't get what you want when you want it.  . . And you can't have what you want all the time, so there will be times for everyone when life su***. . .If your life sucks, it's because you make it suck. . You are in control, if not always physically, you are mentally, what you think, how you react. Meditation will help you. Unity Church can teach you how to meditate effectively.. Good luck.The real question is:  "Why does your life suck?"  . . If you've been feeling this way for more than 2 weeks, and/or have been thinking about suicide you need to get to help TODAY!  You may be in the middle of a major depression.  I can be treated with counseling and medication.  If you go to your local mental health clinic, they will help you no matter your ability to pay.  They will work with you.. . CALL NOW!!!!!
Well. . . 'natural fears'. . . We're only born with the fear of falling and the fear of loud noises, and i think that fear stays with us until we die. But other fears are taught to us (knowledge).. . We are born with instincts, but we can learn how to control them.. . And with self esteem. . . I think knoledge can both harm and help our self esteem.. . I dunno if that helped at all, but thats just what came to mind.knowledge is experience. we learn through experience. experience shows us to reroute our ways towards life.Biologically speaking would be the traits we receive from each of our parents. (If a parent is great in playing an instrument, excellent chances the child will be highly likely to be also).Our personalities are formed normally by the age of 5. What our care givers have taught us, is what we will know and feel, including fear. Our minds are like sponges. There are three different kinds of personalities: Aggressive, Passive, and Assertive, as our mind grow-it will lean towards one of the three, depending on the parents personalities, and HOW the child is being taken care of. Each personality has it's own form of self-esteem. Instincts are our "gut/heart" feelings. Which has been scientifically prov en to be 99% true to truth. The more knowledge/wisdom a person gains in life, the broader their horizon. The more a person loves/likes themselves, the happier they will be.
George, John, Sebastian or maybe Henry Cabot Lodge. If you enter Cabot into the reference encylopedia, you can find out about all of them.[kabot], Ital Giovanni Caboto (1425–c.1500) Navigator, born possibly in Genoa, NW Italy, who discovered the mainland of North America. Little is known about his life. About 1490 he settled in Bristol, and set sail in 1497 with two ships, accompanied by his three sons, sighting Cape Breton I and Nova Scotia on 24 June. He set out on another voyage in 1498, and died at sea.
Clear eyes (that is, non-brown/black) are actually a physical defect or mutation, beleive it or not. Having green eyes only means that they lack melanin. No more, no less. Personality is a whole different bag of beans and has nothing to do with someone's eye-anything.. . Cheers!It doesn't say anything at all unless you believe in stuff like that. Having green eyes doesn't make you this or that. You don't judge whether a person is, let say smart, by the color of their skin, so why would you judge a person's personality by their eye color. It would be too great a generalization. They act and feel the same way that everyone else feels. If they fall, it hurts, and if they are happy, they smile. Same as everyone else.That they have green eyes.. . Some people will treat them as though they're special or more attractive, but that says far more about the other person than the one with green eyes.it means that you're always horny
On matters relating to religion, social behaviour and food habits I  rate myself around 8.. On matters pertaining to molestation, crime, drugs and sexual molestation of children - I am around minus 10 !On a scale where 1 is close-minded and not open  to new ideas, and 10 is 100% open and free, tempered with adult experience and education.  I, personally am about a (-3).  But thanx for asking.the older i get the less open minded i am. i have noticed them same in many of my peers. i am not sure if its good or bad. i would say a 4 and dropping.I'd say about 7. . I try to be as tolerent as possible, but i can be a bit stuck in my attitudes towards some religious values, such as polygmy.. I also cant stand being preached to, i know that people are just sharing their view but it drives me nuts. other than that i try to accept everyone for who they are as an individualI would consider myself to be a 7. I am pretty open minded.10, I have no opinions whatsoever.I try for 10 but am more like 6-7.10, I do not judge others, their opinions or choices do not have to be in line with mine, to be OK; I have no place to judge anyone. I have no desire to judge others, Live and let live. As long as they are not hurting anyone. It is the American way. God bless*Is open minded another word for liberal???I'm liberal sometimes and other days i'm a mad conservative.So i don't have a scale.all depends on the issue being discussed.according to my precise calculations, on a scale of 1-10, i am exactly 6.41145 with 10 being the most open mindedi would say about an 8 because the world is ever changing and extremes are constantly changing so yes I'm open minded but not too open minded. you do sometimes have to ask questions of what is both presented to and expected of you?  We live in a multi-cultural society so you have to adapt to all types of situations and people, also accepting other peoples preferences this should be the way of the world.To be honest, the answer really depends on the subject.  If it is a moral issue, then I tend to be very closed-minded... somewhere around a 2 (if 10 is very open minded).  If it is trying something new, I would probably be somewhere around a 5 or 6.  Therefore, I would have to say that my overall average for being open-minded would be around a 3 or 4... soooo... I'm a pretty closed-minded person.id say a 9.95Between 8 and 9.I'm about a 6 or 7.  My mind isn't so open that I'm willing to believe in things like magic, horoscopes and ghosts, though I will always humor it...I guess that makes me more open minded?  I'm not intolerant to anything except harming others so I might be higher?
If you ask me, it's job and girls.its a very wide end questions...as stages of growth starts from the first day of birth.....any way in every stage...love...effection....attention and importance is required and its the first priority in every-ones life...and other then that there  are lots....Food....education.....health...job...love ..sex etc etcSounds like a homework question. Think about what your own basic needs are and then go from there.sexSEX,SEX,SEX,SEX,SEX,SEX.
For the same reason why your hands and feet look whiter if you have just spent a lot of time in a warm tub - moisture absorbed by the skin.  It turns the skin slightly more opaque, and you cannot see the redness of the blood underneath.I would think that the uncovered parts of your body receives some sunshine while the portion under the band aid does not.  Therefore it looses "it's" tan.. . Actually, there has to be more than that.  Perhaps the composition of the band aid bleaches the skin out.   . Good luck.  PopsBecause its fresh scar tissue that hasnt yet been exposed to UV light and its pigments havent taken hold yet.;The bandage restricts blood flow to the finger, after removing the bandage it takes a while for the white blood cells to retreat from the surfacebecause the bandage has constricted the blood flowWhite blood cells momentarily surfacing due to the pressure.the melanoma thats on the surface of your dead skin cells.  when u put on a bandage, your skin gets moist under there, so when you take off the bandage the part that has the glue rips off the dead cells and shows a fresh layer.  the part that does have the glue is just still moist and hasnt had anytime to try and show the color of the cells. on black ppl ..i just dont know heheYou should read my book on the subject : "Bandaids, Skintone, and You ."  In stores now!Moisture and no air to breath
try taking a 10 pound sledge to the alarm clock radio that should solve the whole problemwe do?. funny?. i have coffee on mine..  grits  bacon and eggs.I dont all the time but i guess its our subconsiousSometimes songs are playing in my dreams.. . I figure that if a song is stuck in my head it was in my dream and I just can't remember it.. Either that or something in my dream or upon wakening reminded me of a song. . Like a submarine.. then I might find myself humming yellow submarine as I go through to the bathroom...   :)I don't - certainly not every time I wake. If it's in my mind when I do wake, could be because it was in my last dream, or I heard it before sleeping... or if the alarm is set to music, then could be the song I heard waking up, but not fully awake yet.
anthropology is the study of small groups or tribes of individuals. every aspect regarding that small group or tribe is being studies through anthropology. the most common technique used in anthropological studies is the participant observation technique, where the researcher goes and lives with the small group or the tribe that he or she is studying. here the researcher studies about things such as religion, rituals, ceremonies, language, food, dress, occupation and etc regarding that group or the tribe.isnt it the dinosaur ppl?Anthropology is the study of culture, ancient or otherwise.<>It is the study of humankind, from its beginnings millions of years ago to the present day.  Anthropos = human, logia = studyThe study of humanity and all of its aspects. Anthopology has four major subfields: cultural, biological, archaeological, and linguistic. These four fields combined seek to understand humanity.
Say for instance there is a girl , and her boss, Tom,  gives her an assignmnet to file some papers well an  overachiever would file the papers,  make copies of the papers to have a backup copy, reorganize the file cabinet, wash Tom's car,  babysit his kids etc. Mostly it someone who tries too hard to satisfy. They feel doing just enough is not  good enough so they feel obligated to give you everyhting you ask for plus more.>The guy who comes in first AND last in a circle jerk.<I dont think there can be someone 'overachiever'. It is not a reality.Achieving with the help of luck and fortune because it is beyond your capabilities.Anyone who makes you feel uncomfortable with the amount of success he had or the way he makes you look bad when he does anything.. . It's all very relative. Once people get to notice you, the simple act of putting a semicolon in the right place can be treated as showing off and get the idiot labelled as an overachiever. Regardless of the fact whether he really does anything great or not."Over" achieving is a matter of perspective.  To a lazy good-for-nothing, doing anything is "overachieving".  To the "average Joe", if anyone can define "average", overachieving is doing things far beyond what is asked for or required in any situation such as on a job or in school or relationship.  For some people it's called "The Responsible One", the person who feels that the success or failure of anything or any situation is totally their responsibility.  Sometimes an individual known as an obsessive-compulsive individual is seen as an overachiever since they continue to focus on a situation long after things are "as good as they're gonna get", and they actually make  things worse by continually trying to improve things.  Also known as the "Type A Personality", it's the individual who continues to try to perfect things that a) can never be perfect anyway, or b) have been perfect for a lonngggg time.  These people are driven by an insecurity about themselves which they transpose or project on situations in their personal or professional lives.  I knew a young man like that one time who was a good athlete among other things, and he would dang near kill himself to "win" in some game or supposed "contest" when there was no contest to win or lose.  I knew his family, and there was a HUGE demand from his parents for themselves to "be the best that they could be" and for their children to be the same.  I could tell you about one of his sisters who is also driven that way, by the inability to ever reach this imagined "perfection", and you would see how it has affected her personal and professional life.  I'm sure everyone looks "up" to her in her professional life, but if you were ever allowed to know her personally,  you'd find her a nervous wreck, still trying to live up to the demand of her parents' desires, and she'll never be able to have a warm family life of her own, because she cannot relax.  But then, I could go on and on and on about it, giving one example after another, but then I'd be seen as an "overachiever", and, God forbid, I'd hate to be "diagnosed" as such, :-))))!!  God Bless you.
it's a throw back to basic animal instincts; when animals are wounded or ill they go and hide to prevent the rest of the herd/pack from catching it or bringing attention to predators.Some times we will be irritated by some suggestions and the problems are supposed tobe sorted  out by us so it is not necessary tobe some one when we have problems at times.     Depending upon the type of the problems one can cousult a friend so mind will be free.
Be friendly.  If you are shy, you have superioity complex in private life. am i right?I am sorry but I just do not understand the questiontry to be your self, and think like that if you are not to do unmoral things so no need to be shy, don't mind others so muchtry to act as ur nature. try to avoide shyness and act as normal people and take in ur mind that u dont take shyness anymore and u will defeat shynessI think most people are shy because they are concerned about what people think about them. . They want to look totally perfect and spotless. We r all like that, it's a human primal need. Some people become so cocky and over-confident, but some become so shy and timid as a result of that perfectness obligation from others.. First, try not to pay attention at all for what others may think about you. Just do your things. Relax. Be free. Don't be so constraint.  Who cares of what people say or think?. Remember that nothing's perfect in this world. We are all imperfect, am I right? So, when you are shy I think it's just because you are concerned of what people think of you. Drop it off then you'll be a great person.I was extremely shy when i was younger and it turned out that I had social anxiety disorder, so you might want to check into that. but if your just a little bit shy then whats wrong with that? its not always best to be loud and obnoxious. people who are on the shy side tend to be really good listeners, which is a great personality trait to have.you need to be more outgoing. look people in the eyes. smile more often. speak up more often. if you think you have a good idea then don't let others tell you different. volunteer more. . the more people you associate with the more open and social you will be. it takes time so don't think it will happen overnight.. good luck.
Have a desire to win and be ready to do any decent and ethical hard work for the same!With willpower and hard-workdoing hard work??????. My id is satya_meva_jayate@yahoo.co.inFinancial success: (not ALL of these are necessary). 1. Luck. 2. Inheritance. 3. Plunder / Stealing / Cheating / Unfair practice. 4. Pre-established privilege/family reputation. 5. Ambition. 6. Goal-orientation. 7. Connections. 8. Flexible ethics/ruthlessness. . Personal success: (ALL of these are necessary). 1. Hard work. 2. Intelligence. 3. Drive/Passion. 4. Opportunity. 5. Realistic goals/vision. 6. Clear plan. 7. Confidence/belief in oneself. 8. Decent/ethical/healthy motivethink confidentally and act confidentallyWell, I would like to help you but I am going to need a little more information. I will give you a general answer though.. . You get success from hard work, dedication, and determination. Success is not something you can 'get' it is something you earn from the hard work.planned and timely hardwork is a best way.Very nice question,rather .. Firstly accept every failure as a challenge.Have faith on God.Before starting anything pray Him to do that work for you.Remember that you can win,never let yourself think that you  are a poor fellow.Decide your goal and just think you can win.Go head doing hardwork and with a desire to win.Make your yourself hard to face failures.Work hard that you will not have to run behind succes but success will have to run towards you.                    .                                  Remember:. Winners don't do Different things they do things Differently.. Good luck.Dear Saurabh. Why are we so obsessed with 'getting' success? . Let us for some time forget about these terms 'Success' and 'Failure'. Just do what you want and like to do and do it really well. Believe me, success will be a byproduct of such a process.Try , try, try ..till you succeed.. . Have to work very,very,very,..... hard.. . Little bit of luck may not hurt.first step for success : allow ur self with failures... once u start accepting failures...  u won't be low with failures and keep on trying... and one fine day success knock ur door.......
Socialism- advocates communal ownership of industry, it does so in two ways: either in the form of state ownership or else in the form of ownership by the workers themselves..  Communism-  allows for only one form of the communal endeavor: state ownership through a small group of political elite. Communism also goes one step further than socialism in that the Communist state not only controls the economy, but all areas of society.. Defenitions:Communism-Government control of the means of production and complete control of the economy..                     Socialism: Braod role for government in the nations economy, including government ownership of basic industries.. One of the main differences between communism and socialism is that in a communist state the government seeks to control all of the wealth and in a socialist state the government seeks to redistribute the wealth a little more. Examples of a socialism in the U. S. are welfare and social security.Socialism allows some privitized businesses, while communism everything is owned by the government.. . Socialism- advocates communal ownership of industry, it does so in two ways: either in the form of state ownership or else in the form of ownership by the workers themselves.. Communism- allows for only one form of the communal endeavor: state ownership through a small group of political elite. Communism also goes one step further than socialism in that the Communist state not only controls the economy, but all areas of society.. Defenitions:Communism-Governme... control of the means of production and complete control of the economy.. Socialism: Braod role for government in the nations economy, including government ownership of basic industries.. One of the main differences between communism and socialism is that in a communist state the government seeks to control all of the wealth and in a socialist state the government seeks to redistribute the wealth a little more. Examples of a socialism in the U. S. are welfare and social security.
The Marx brothers meets the MatrixIt's either an old clown in new clothes, (Karl). . or it's a gentleman and a skillsaw (Groucho)badgo to wikipedia.com, they have some good stuff on it, i just checked. I love wikipedia, you can find anything about everything.
it is actually spelled BIGOT, it's a person who hates and demeans people of other religions & other races. Like Archie Bunker on All In The Family. I don't know of any word that is spelled bigit, so I think this is the answer you were looking for.I dont have a clue, I've heard of it but I dont remember what it is and I dont feel like looking it up.I believe you're referring to the word, "bigot".. It basically means one who is strongly partial to one's own group, religion, race, or politics and is intolerant of those who differ.
Well, statistically men make more than women - in a capitalist society that makes them more valuable.  However, I agree with the previous poster that sexism has been around longer than capitalism.I don't believe it can...not a sole result, anyway.  Sexism has thrived in every imaginable market system.Sexism has been around far longer than capitalism.  Sexism is rooted in the religious -isms, not the political or economic ones.I think James B nailed it. Back in the day, men were the ones who primarily worked for wages which is what is valued in a capitalist society. While it's not a direct result of capitalism, you could sure say it helped reinforce it. That's probably where you were getting at.Capitalist society puts a higher value on wage earning than mothering.It cannot..I just do agree with Tom Joad
What you do affects others -- and they will make up whys for you. Why you do it affects yourself. Both are equally important.it depends on the situation.  it really does.  if u try and do something for someone and accidentally offend them, then yes, its the thought that counts.  if its for something bigger, than it is deffinatly the outcome of those events that matters because it will have a major impact on the future of the planet/humanity.  it all really depends on the situation.Oh why.they both depend on eachother..u always do something for a reason and the reasons are y u do itSuccess is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. --Albert Schweitzerits what i do, i mean...i dont know how or why she got in bed with me but all that matters is that she did!It is possible to do the wrong thing for the right reasons and conversly the wright thing for the wrong reasons. Ultimately is up to the person who is making the judgement. However actions do seem to speak louder than words. Try the philosophy section as this is a philosophical question.what you do, certainly. if we focus on why we are doing something we loose joy in the doing.The motive, the subjective part I think. Why you do it.. You might help an old lady ,but in order to become "friends" with her and use the fact she trust you to steal her money, for example. And vice verso- you might kill a man, but because you wanted to defend your 3 years old baby or yourself from an attacking aggressive mad looking person..... That is why  law is paying attention to the motives and drives.. . If we're talking about sex- the motives reflect very strongly on what you do and how you do it.  There's a difference if she's (or he) in your bed because she's drunk/wants to get smth from you and when that's because you excite her, she's crazy about you or loves you. You can feel the difference without being a psychic.Why you're doing it. Because it's the cause of what you're doing.
Here's the link I gave you in your other post.  Universities often aren't helpful in terms of explaining the registration process.  You need to contact the Ontario Psychological Association and they will explain the registration requirements and then you can use that information to figure out what will be acceptable as undergraduate work.  Best of luck.I hope this helps........ http://www.mcmaster.ca/home.cfm. http://www.edu.gov.on.ca/eng/general/list/univers.html. http://www.mohawkcollege.ca/homepage.html
This is actually easily. . Interest rates go up, money saved in a bank or term deposit/bond now earns more money (interest) - So people have more incentive to save money.. . Likewise the cost of borrowing money has increased, so people have a dis-incentive to borrow money, reducing consumption (you will buy that car on hire purchase later, because its too expensive now..). . It decreases consumption and increases savings, which is what it is meant to do.. . The central bank (FED in the USA) controls inflation by raising interest rates. Inflation is mostly caused by consumers wanting to spend money faster than goods are being produced (so price goes up, the economy hardly grows and inflation occurs - FED raises interest rates, people spend less, save more, and less inflation occurs). . At higher price levels in the economy, Growth needs to be caused by more production (productivity) because this causes higher growth levels without the high inflation that hurts the economy in the long run. . I have gone well beyond what you have asked, but it might help you understand it some more, and the reasons behind it.Wow, very complex.. I'd say that it mostly affects higher price items that are obviously linked to the interest rate, like house buying.. From there, it's a trickle down domino effect, and it gets very complex.. I guess you could say it affects everything in the economy, because once house prices go up from the interest rates going up, then that affects the construction industry (negatively), and that diminished buying power affects other industries, etc., etc.,. Also when the interest rate goes up, there's more money to be made in safer investments like bonds, so less money is invested that ends up into the hands of businesses and entrepenuers, and this can spark recession.. During the end of the Carter administration recession, people were earning around 21% by just stashing their money, so why would they risk it on the stock market?
social order is about respect, the responsability every citicen has with the law and order of the people that live around you, with the ituit of achieving a global respect for all people around. . you have laws and rules in comunities and situations and social order is about maintaning that wave going.an order that social.Social order is the way we live our lives within own society.
arc light is:. 1.Also, arc lamp. a lamp in which the light source is a high-intensity electric arc either between carbon rods in air or between metal electrodes in a xenon gas atmosphere enclosed in a quartz bulb.. 2.the light produced by such a lamp.Arclight is a mutant who appeared numerous times in the X-Men Animated Series, most notably in the episode "Sanctuary," where she joins Magneto's mutant haven. Arclight appeared in the motion picture X-Men: The Last Stand. Her shockwave power projects in an outward fashion and she can target specific materials.
physical involves some sort of unwanted touch from pushing to punching to unwanted touch of anykind to unwanted sexual touch. Mental and emotional and verbal by the way are all very closely related. Mental is usually some twisting of logic or mind games to make someone do something or make someone feel bad. Emotional is usually designed to make someone ashamed or afraid or upset.Physical: any unwanted from  contact by  another person,  another person preventing one from moving freely, (example; blocking a doorway). Mental:     coercion, threats. Emotional:  constantly putting someone down, degrading someone....  These are just a FEW examples of what you have referred to as "bullying"....  What it actually is, is called abuse--- If it is happening to a child, it's child abuse. an elderly person, it's elderly abuse and if it's happening by someone in the household, it's called domestic violence and needs to be addressed... There are 24 hour crisis hot lines & Family Services available to everyone.
because. if you knew, you wouldnt fall asleep. your body has to be relaxed and your mind has to be clean (no thoughts), . so you can fall asleepWhen you are feeling sleepy and whilst you are asleep there is a certain part of of your brain that releases a chemical at a steady rate to induce and keep you in unconsciousness. With Narcoleptics (people who fall asleep without warning) the chemical is released at a much faster rate which makes them just drop to the ground and into sleep. I saw a doco on this and the only reason they discovered it was because they were testing lab mice and trying to develop a chemical that could keep you awake for 24 hours. So you don't remember because this chemical renders you unconscious. Sorry can't remember what the name is. Hope this helps.i don't have an answer but congratulations on your question. you don't know how many times i've wondered the same thing...Ya, you never actually know when you go to sleep isnt that neat? . . But sometimes I know when I am getting close because I'll be thinking about something and some weirfd thoughts that I had no control over will come in,  and I'll think....I didnt think of that....thats when I know that I a getting close.because your memory is one of the first things to goOften I do know that I am just going to sleep becuase I start dreaming but yet I am aware enough to know i am just entering sleep. ( sounds strange, i know)That's because you're falling asleep! Your level of consciousness is diminishing. If you knew of it, you would be fully awake. Just accept it and go to sleep!. You can have someone sit quietly next to you when you are dozing and have him alert you of it.
Consensus theory is such as functionalism - looking at things working together toward a main goal. Conflict theory is Marxist - things in conflict ie; class, gender, economy etcA consensus agreement is a majority agreement - ie more than 50%.. The theory means that those who practise it will be right much more often than not. It also helps people to buy into an idea (even if they didn't vote for it themselves) as they know that their peer group decided it was the right thing to do. Much better than an order/dictate from on high.. If you are a boss then it is a useful tool but you would be open to assertion that you are scared to make decisions.. MartinAccording to one view, the coherence theory of truth is the "theory of knowledge which maintains that truth is a property primarily applicable to any extensive body of consistent propositions, and derivatively applicable to any one proposition in such a system by virtue of its part in the system" (Benjamin 1962). Ideas like this are a part of the philosophical perspective known as theoretical holism (Quine & Ullian 1978). However, coherence theories of truth do not claim merely that coherence and consistency are important features of a theoretical system — they claim that these properties are sufficient to its truth.consensus means agreed and known by everyone. and consensus theory should be a theory agreed and known by everyone:)It's the general public's idea of anything and the majority being the rule.
I will give you just one advice, always remember in life learn to prioritise your activities as per importance. Clearing the exam is the priority right now.Also every organ has a specific trait and function and dear friend mind's trait is to WONDER.Hence, apply your intellect and not mind in certain situations, a situation like yours demands discipline. Don't always feel emotional and go to your past(ITS GONE), be strong and remain in present as that is priority.NOW,NOW,NOW,NOW,PRESENT is priority.you need to schedule yourself some free time even if it is only one day.your brain maybe trying to tell you something .listen. i know studying is very important but while you are worring about this you are not accomplishing much now right. schedule some you time everyone needs a break.healthy mind healthy body a healthier you.Only answer to your issue is "meditation". Please choose early morning ...say 4.30 am (dont feel amazing...this is the time suitable for meditation ).you can have your face wash and drink a glass of water and choose a place with lights on -where you can have a peaceful meditation. Sit as you please.Just close your eyes and let run all your thoughts -past,present and future for some time ...till they get drain out. Just half an hour daily and then go to study. Do practise this  for 10 days continuously. I am sure  by 11 th day you will not be anything to run on in your mind. Precaution : DONT  RESTICT YOUR THOUGHT FLOW AND ALLOW THEM TO FLOW AND THEN ANSWER SOME QUERIES  which you can.. . OK dear freind ! all the best and reply to me on 12th day how you feel about.This may help, when you start thinking of other past events, stop then get up walk for few seconds, seep some water, concentrate and start studying , do that as soon as you realise, it would be best or great if you can do it at onset.
You need to talk to someone immediately.. . You may be feeling tired, alone, depressed, scared, angry, hopeless, or unloved, and it may seem that things will never get better. However, no matter how overwhelming your problems seem, confidential help is available.. . Trained, caring adults can help you to find alternatives you may not have considered and solutions to problems or situations that may seem hopeless. If you are depressed, effective treatments are available that will help to relieve your sadness, anger, and pain.. . Numbers for suicide hotlines and crisis centers should be available in your local phone book or call 1-800-SUICIDE.what kind of stress? and your only 15, think about when you grow up kid.. thats life. just enjoy itA lot must have happened. Sorry I can't do anything except to ask you to get professional help like a counsellor or psychiatrist. You're only 15 and have a bright future ahead, pls do seek early help.Suicide is no end to misery. We are eternal spirit souls.  We never die only the body dies.  When one takes their own life they do not die but become a ghost who incessantly suffers the misery they experienced before death.  They are more tormented due to no one being able to hear or see them.  They have no senses to enjoy so they constantly try to take over peoples bodies to try to enjoy.  The thing is one has to know what our  actual purpose is in life to be truly happy.  We are in the land of Maya or illusion which is temporary and full of misery.  If on wants the veils of illusion removed so they can see thing as they are and be truly be happy the quickest and easiest way its to chant the Maha mantra (the Great mantra for deliverance.  Go to  http://www.stephen-knapp.com/chanting_hare_krishna.htm  everything is there on this site to become free from misery one just has to apply the process.  Gauranga-(gore-runga)-The Universal greeting- May the greatest good and highest joy be yours.  Don't give up your suffering is only temporary.You need to find some help immediately. It sounds as though you don't think your mother understands you, so I suggest that you talk with your guidance counselor at school. Go to the office before class and tell the receptionist that you have an important personal matter you need to talk with your guidance counselor about.. . Be honest when talking with the guidance counselor.dont kill ur self.... do u know how mant ppl u will hurt. and how much u will regret it 1ce (once) u relize u r dead. my goodness do not do it. i repeat DO NOT DO IT. and jst cause of ur mom. wen u feel like ~killing~ ur self think of all the ppl u luv and all the ppl that luv u!!!consider telling your school counselor.  . also consider having a heart-to-heart with your mom. (preferably with the counselor there). your momprobably has lots of her own stress.. Think about taking up martial arts to learn to control your. response to the situation.  To learn to control your own stress level like judo or aikido or karate or something.I don't think the person with all of the Hearts is being fair to you. Your feelings are just as real & legit as anybodys. Talk to your mom, & when you do, speak about your self, & your feelings, not about her, & the stress she puts on you, just how you truly feel about it.. If you are really feeling suicidal then reach out to somebody, but make sure it's an adult, & one that you can trust. Maybe a school councellor, or a church pastor, but don't keep it all inside. Talking to someone who sympathises & understands is a great relief, & helps in a huge way.. Here's one place you can start. http://kidshelp.sympatico.ca/en/about/counselling.asp. Good LuckI would definately call that number the other user gave you for help.Try to talk to your parents/mom.  Seek professional help.  Even through city, county organizations.  Hang in there and do not give up.That's quite a good question. To be frank, you're not the only one experiencing suicidal thoughts. Many other teenagers in Singapore do so too, like me. Given Singapore's culture, much is focused on studies and 'paper chase'. I suppose your stress is based on 'paper chase' as most of us do? If that is it, you could try explaining to your mom your limitations, and what you are interested in, in a polite and courteous manner, so that she can understand you better. If you're afraid of rejection or whatsoever, you can do so by writing your mum a letter, or send her an email. Results are not all there should be; there are other areas of development. Let her know that you're maturing and can make your own decisions, and that you have enough discipline to do the things that you need to do. If necessary, you might try seeking a school teacher, or maybe the school counsellor(if your school has one). They usually would help you to their best of their abilities. . Remember, you're not alone!! Many others are in it too... (hope this helps)
You have to take a reality check.   Do you have a roof over your head?   Food to eat? Clothes to wear?      If you have any or all of these things - you have more than lots of people have.   Be thankful for that.. . You have to reach down inside and say, "Hell no - this is NOT going to break me!"    Get angry and say - "Hell NO!  This is not going to break me!"    Then laugh - I mean really laugh crazy and say, "Hell no - this is not going to break ME ever!!!!!"   . . Usually by this time I feel stronger.   . . I hope it works for you.Take deep breaths. Since I don't know what makes you bitter it is hard to say. But if you can remove the object that causes it. You need to see someone you can rant to and know it is safe. Try a local counselor.preyer is the answer .LMAO @ ^Cry. Do it every time it comes back. It's the most natural way to react for a human, just like sleeping is for tiredness. One day, it will have been worked off.listen to really loud music and then help somebody else. if I'm helping someone, I can't think about how miserable I feelForgiveness.  It sets you free.Feel sorry for them (as sorry as you feel for yourself). . Also, thicken your skin.Just be sweet.by expressing love or give your other cheek and then smile. . by silply to forgive and forget they are rude to you.Have something you really like for supper.Find out who or what is at the root of your problem and weed them out of your life's garden.Think that you have alot to live up to and no one can make you bitter. loads more to do and achieveMy honest answer is to act beaten.  People just can't wait to prove they were right.  Nod, agree, stay silent.  Soon you will be hearing all their sad, beaten, bitter ways.  Now it is you turn to shine.  You won't feel bitter anymore.  It's almost God like.
Take a round disk and write the word "TUIT" on it and then hang it on a chain around your neck .. Explanation: The excuse a lot of people use for not doing something is that they haven't got around to it , (a round tuit) , . You have! DO IT !I listen to up-beat music.I try to encourage myself to do my own things , try to imagine that your effort will be worthy although you feel tired or lazy in that moment . Establish yourself some goals for each day, try to start doing things little by little, then increase your ambitionsThis is a tough one. I force myself to accomplish small things, and it grows from there. At the least, I can justify my existence if I do a little something rather than nothing.eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!you just have to get on a schedule every day.  wake up for work even on you days off, make coffee or whatever you drink tea, OJ eat some toast, read the Internet or paper. and kick yourself in the ass and be positive that its going to be a great day.  I stay up until 2 am and am up by 6:30am everyday but Sunday. I sleep in until 9 am on Sunday but sometimes I'll take a little catnap on Saturday afternoon if I am home.  You should take time every morning while drinking beverage to prioritize a to do list of things that you need to accomplish today.  That's really all it takes. some self motivation a little espresso (for me) and some goals.I force myself to do something by telling myself I'll only work on it for 15-30 minutes, then I'll do something I like for an hour.  Usually by the time the 15-30 minutes are up I've either decided to finish it or I lose track of the time.. . Once I get that sense of accomplishment from the first thing, it's easy to get going on the rest.
Phil, not being a psych and reading the question, the fact you're even asking would make me think you are into some kind of rehearsal for the main event - All I can say is if you're not regretful for whatever reason, why pretend??? You're only going to end up kidding yourself!tearsthat person keeps thinkin about what had happened and may feel uncomfortable if encounters the same situation .
you dont do anythingBreak it down into as many elements as possible. So if the question is Why can't India play cricket well at the moment you need to look at selection, batting, bossing, fielding and so on/. the smaller the individual segment the easier it is to answer. then you reassemble.Ask God in prayer and wait for the answer in meditation. Sometimes I get to see the problem is completely other than what I'd considered in my normal, "rational' mind. It seems so obvious in meditation but sometimes it becomes puzzling again when I open my eyes.By intelligently chosen trials, by a study of the errors to find necessary corrections, and by paying the price for the errors.You can't understand any problem until you open up your mind to all aspects of it. It's so easy to only take note of what you want to believe is true and not what actually is. When you are prepared to accept that you may be part of the problem, I think these things are more readily resolved in your mind.Umm, I think there is always a decision about which facts to look at and which to discard. One answer is Occam's Razor, but this might not cover all phenomena for example emergent phenomena.
There would be a boom time for the economy, then we would have rapid inflation. The gov would seize to exist.Taxes have a negative effect on the economy.  Because they divert wealth away from the productive private sector into the non-productive public sector.  Just look at welfare programs, if all the money spent on welfare programs was just handed out to the poor there would be no poor people.  The problem is that a good portion of the money spent is syphoned off by government employees to pay their salaries and benefits.. . No matter how inefficient government is there are functions that only the government can do.  Such as running the court systems and enforcing law.  So a minimum level of taxation is necessary to provide the level of security and order necessary for economic activity.There is no situation, whereby taxes are not at all paid. There are honest citizens interested in the welfare of state, everywhere. They will be definitely paying taxes. But the percentage of those people is very very less. Therefore, salaried people are compulsorily taxed.. . When the state goes on increasing tax, even honest citizen will hesitate to pay tax. In that situation, economy will crumbleTaxes are theft from working people so that lazy, fat politicians can live in big mansions and drive fancy cars. Also, it gives them lots of cash to pass on to their friends and family.taxes are for like to fix roads and for schools and fix around the nabor hood and stuff like that
In the cognitive sense?. God forbid anyone does that in this modern age of chemical imbalances and norepinephrine/dopamine - saratonin re-uptake - monoamise oxidase inhibitors, etc, etc.... However. The long and the short of it is this:. A sense of self-worth (or lack thereof)Cognitively speaking, someone would say that depression is caused and sustained by constantly thinking you're worthless and all that great stuff.  You think it long enough and it becomes true, basically psyching yourself out.I am not sure that anyone knows that answer...sorryNot too sure. http://www.relationship-affairs.com/Depression.htmlThis is a very good blog, a beginner’s guide to abnormal psychology. . Short, clear and simple; and you can even post your question and contact the author regarding particular subject you are interested in. . http://sensitive-psychoworld.blogspot.com/
More to the point... why do hundreds of people end up answering???. . 'Tis beyond me...Because celebrities, by and large, are pathetic people.  Seriously, everything about them is made up by marketing people.  The real person under all that tends to be lame.They're so self asorbed they don't know about anything else other than themselves.Most are trying to promote thought on the ideas and theories that interest them.  They're trying to get people to see beyond deciding what kind of hair style to get or why their dog is suddenly barking all night and to consider bigger social issues, like conservation, education, etc.  Yahoo Answers is another platform for them to get their thoughts out to the public and try to get others to consider both sides of a debate.I assume that you refer to the large amount of Hula Hoop related questions.....Are you trying to say that this isn't a pathetic question????There could be many famous people who are a member of yahoo. They could have joined even before they were famous.they probably dont really give it any serious thought.because they get payed to ask questionshow do you know they are? i doubt they even know about Yahoo Answers.When has a celebrity asked any questions on here?Apparently, they've nothing else to do so they may have preferred to come on here to find answers to their -- somewhat they might call -- stupid questions while keeping their identity anonymous.  They're pathetic in a sense that they're celebrities so they are assumed to be doing something else important than coming on here.. ^__^I`m sure that they don`t ,  Their "People" do and the celebrities Ok them.  They consider themselves above the so called "Normals".  It`s also a given that they don`t read all the hundreds of answers to choose a best answer!Who determined that they ARE celebrities? I've only ever seen nonentities on here dressed up as if they were somebody I should have heard of ! ! !why don't they (and I'm sure many do) use a pseudonym.....that way they would;d dispel any mutterings that they were using it to promote themselves and their egos as a pose to wanting an answer to a generally bland questionThat's what their agents instructed them to write!. . Serious. If you are a celebrity, your every word and move goes under a public microscope. . . In other words, if you are a celebrity, you cannot just say or write what you want (not unless you are Madonna – who, thank goodness, still has a controversial spark!).. . That's why you get the lamest questions like 'what do you like about music', or 'is experience important?’ . . I mean, you'd never hear a celebrity ask, 'why do people hate intelligent music?' etc.It would be better if they asked a question that was'nt trying to be all caring and world conscience as said something interesting/ amusing like what you have just asked .
Well, my great grandmother Penelope Lucinda Wilkinson III had it from the time she was 30 to 95, and her doctors were never able to cure it.  It affected our whole family every day, she had approx. 4 personalities, but none of them were very mean.  She actually seemed to have a very good time, it seemed to keep her entertained.  Sometimes when we would go to visit her, she would be on the floor laughing so hard she had peed her depends (no joke!)  We had to help her a lot, but she died a happy lady.. That is just my personal experience, but it is a serious disease, and I've heard of people having really mean personalites also.It's when a person actually manifests the physical and psychological characteristics of completely different people. They dress differently, may have a very different voice, one may be aggressive, the other shy,. etc. Most people have different aspects to their personality, but here the integration of the personality completely breaks down, and separate personalities form which take turns running the body.. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Split_personalityIf you're a Gemini you have it!!!  Twin syndrome - split personality!!The modern term is Dissociative identity disorder.. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiple_personality_disorder. . Very rare, but real.well it a mild to serious form of mental illness, it affects approxmatly 3 per cent of the population, a lot of people are ignorant of it as they seem to assume people with it are either mad or are some kind of freaks.it 's not a laughing matter as anyone can hve it, including me.people tend to think the people with split personality disorder are acting or making things up, but no ,they don't actuly know that they are doing it.i hope i gave u enough info on it,i had an ex b/f who had it, but was cured by drugs and counceling.so pls do not worry!!
It all depends on the variable of what kind of people you are dealing with.   One couple might have the same amount of tiny incompatibilities and quirks as the other, but because of their ethics and the way they work out their differences, they manage to work it out and see it through every time.  .  It's all in how you are able to work out your problems and disagree effectively (communication), everything else doesn't mean squat when it comes to keeping it together-- including religion, different tastes, different backrounds, even infidelity.What macro-level variables are you talking about?. . In my case, along with basic incompatibility, both families worked hard to make problems for the relationship. They were quite upset when we divorced, however.It is all ways the micro affecting the macro. greater discontent within is mirrored externally to reflect a greater imbalance. It is the perspective that is skewed.
being able to reason , adaptability and being able to make and follow a plan , but don't take any notice of me because compared to other people I am an idiotIn the olden days it used to be academic intelligence, nowadays it tends to look at adaptability. How well a species can adjust to it;s environment. However to me common sense counts for a lot too!!If we watch children or older people for a long period objetively, without any bias or predisposition, it will tell us something about their mental ability. But these situations vary so much from one person to another that even long acquiantances will not provide more than a rough basis for judgement. Usaually people disagree with each other in this respect. This is because often without being aware of it their judgement in influenced by many things that are not intellegent at all. In a particular study nursery school teachers differed significantly in ranking fifteen boys in order of their intelligence though both of them ranked the same boy in the first position and the lowest one in the last position.. . Sometimes from the physical apperance and eyes, manners of a person, his intelligence is judged which is not a correcet procedure. For eg: Tom is regarded as intelligent because he has dark big eyes and preety manners while Alex is perceived as dull because he is physically clumsy. But it is to be remembered that a person's cuteness is no index of his level of intelligence.. . judging intelligence only on the basis of behaviour is therefore not  scientific and reliable, though behaviour may be a certain proof of intelligence, it is not always the case since the judgement most of the time is coloured by the judge's own feelings, apprenhensions, biases and prejudices.. . Therefore accurate assessment on intelligence can be made only on the basis of intelligence tests.The ability to learn, to relate different facts from different disceplines to each other, to gain a fuller big-picture idea of the world around them, and a questioning/challenging nature. With that in mind, I hope you don't mind my telling you that it's "criteria "not "criterias" (criteria is the plural of criterion).ones ability to comprehend very well and ability to apply it almost immediately.I believe they are the following: The ability to acquire data, detect patterns, predict what will happen and adapt to new situations.Intelligence cant be difined by simply observing one or two criterias. It depends on many things. It depends on the thinking ability and process of the individual, behaviour, adaptability to the surrounding, common sense, control of mental reactions to different situations et etc. This will take a whole lot of time to assess. Basic assessments might include by observing the learning power of the individual and how he/she implement them, common sense, and attittude also to an extent. Usually, intelligent people hold high confidences and are with high positive attittudes. I hope this would help answer your question.The ability to input data and then make correct logical decisions or assumptions based on that data.
A degree is psychology is very useful, if used correctly. There are many options within psychology itself, such as research and clinical, counseling etc... Research requires a lot of patience, and can often be very tedious. Clinical is the application of the research. Counseling, well, is self explanatory, however requires a p.H.d. .    These days it is better off to get a degree in psychology and have either a second major/minor in business. Doing that can put you in human resources for a big company, comprising evaluation tests for potential job candidates. The head HR guy for J.P. Morgan had his undergrad in business and then a doctorate in psychology, and needless to say, he's doing great!. . Good luck in your decision making!you can work at Mcdonalds. You´ll find yourself analyzing everybody´s profile according on wether they like cheese or pickles in their hamburgers.. ?ou´ll find yourself entertained most part of the day.. cheers.The availability of jobs in the field are very limited with only a bachelor's degree. A Masters or PhD in a specialized area would increase your marketability. Investigate specialized areas in psychology to see if they interest you; e.g., Industrial, tests&measurements/psychometrics , educational, counseling, etc.. Igrocery bagger... barista... social services... . . Thankfully I realized this early on in my college career - so I decided to double major in Economics and Psychology.  Now I work for a Home Developer - so go figure.Most often a psych degree is used by the people who pour coffee at Starbucks, and wait tables at Chili's.
Hippies.It is a classic example of how in the real world the market economy adjusts rather slowly sometimes to a change in supply or demand. . . Firstly there was already inflationary momentum in 1973 becasue the world economy was booming -- growing faster than the NAIRU - non-accelerating-inflation-rate-underlying. . . Secondly when OPEC acted as an effective cartel and quadrupled oil prices, the demand for oil was revealed to be very price-inelastic in the short term. Ditto the supply (it took 9 years for an oil glut to emerge as a result of new sources being developed.) In 1974 and 75 especially, real purchasing power was transferred to the oil producing countries, but in the short run all they could do with some of it was save it. Reserves (dead money held by central banks) rose and gross total world consumption took a dip. Hence, recession. Therefore unemployment.. . In the medium term, of course, OPEC countries' spending rose to match their purchasing power and the world economy got going again.Inflation occurs as there is too much spending in the country itself where there is very high outflow of fund. High unemployment is caused the rapid increase in population growth, where there is more in supply exceeds supply causing negative economic growth, apart from that there is unemployment in terms of : - seasonal, cyclical etc.High oil prices explain about half of it.  The other half is attributable to productivity slowdown; between 1973 and 1979, productivity in the U.S. grew by mere 0.6% a year as opposed to 2.3% between 1960 and 1973.. . A macroeconomics textbook by Abel and Bernanke (if I remember correctly) has a chapter-long discussion of it...Stagflation was mostly caused by oil prices, I suggest looking at the wikipedia entry on stagflation:. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stagflation
Clive is totally wrong. Race is a social construction based only on superficial biological characteristics that in no way shape who a person becomes. It is the meanings and beliefs about race that contribute to the formation of identity. How a particular racial category behaves varies over time and from place to place.Race specifies the basic biological construction of an individual and as such determines the building blocks that are  fundamental to the formation of ideas, relationships and even the way day to decisions are made. While education, upbringing and environment have significant effects on the presented persona and may even form a an actual personality that is presented to the world, it is the race and ethnicity that determine the composition of the primeval being within.Your question sounds like the subject of my senior paper. LOL
Everything that we experience and think is processed and interpreted. Emotions influence that processing and interpreting. That's why it's important to understand your emotions, so you can at least see that layer and account for it.Critical thinking about logic. Emotional responses are about passion and are often irrational.. . That said, you can structure your agruments to manipulate people's emotions in hopes of changing people's minds.It plays a huge role.Alot of people make the mistake of making decisions based on emotion,not logic.It almost always back fires.none.  when its being a long process.  as for my emotions, i am just doing this so my daughter gets what i have worked for - after that i really don't plan on staying around much - that's why i have no fear.
With deep, heartfelt laughter, it appears that serum cortisol, which is a hormone that is secreted when we’re under stress, is decreased. So when you’re having a stress reaction, if you laugh, apparently the cortisol that has been released during the stress reaction is reduced.Actually, in order for one to be ticklish, one needs active nerves.  The nerves from the spinal cord ultimately are connected to the feet.  We laugh to relieve stress, and when our nerves are aroused, they induce a degree of stress.Nerve ending apparently allow you to be tickled.
Egyptian girls are not superior to the rest...See if you don't know the answer with your obvious bias then what makes you think we're going to know? . . Clearly it's not true. Would you like us to make something up for you ??I don't know much about Egyptian women, but that's a pretty sweeping statement.... . Are they better than the rest of us?to the rest of what. egyptian men or goats.  get over your self, no one is superior to anyone else.I've only met one Egyptian woman in my life, and she seemed just like any other woman.. . And, in general, women from all nationalities are basically the same - some are nice, some are mean, and most are somewhere in between.. . Why exactly do YOU think Egyptian women are superior?WOW. reading these answers makes me feel WE REALLY ARE SUPERIOR :P. regardless of the millions of good qualities we have, now i'm sure we have the best sense of humor (after comparing to others). . u have a good taste alloutsider;)AAAAHHH NOTHINGmust be the little moustaches.They love their Mummies, are great at Pyramid selling and they will never be fooled, and walk down the Nile.They live on denial. (The Nile). . I'll tell you one thing for sure, whatever makes them superior, it's clearly not their command of the English language. Your question is not even a comprehensible sentence. I'm just guessing what you meant.Egyptian women are the husbands of their wives (men).i think they become superior coz the marriage. when u wanna marry some egyptian girl u will need to buy her an apartment/house, dowary, car and also big party. and that can cost 50.000 dollar ( minimum).I think someone wants to get married with an Egyptian girl.. Good for you , . now there are things that we need to talk about; the apartment, the dowary, where is she going to live.. She's my only daughter and I have to make sure that she is going to be o.k.
Find something you Really care about, and go with that.  I've been having the same trouble, and finally realized that the conflicting things / people are demanding Everything but not offering much.  They are All on priority page 2 now, (It is Best if You Do Not Announce This, Just Do It). and it's amazing how respect and cooperation and self-esteem skyrocket when you mentally move on.  Remember, in order to be worth anything to anybody, you've got to put the oxygen mask on yourself, first!open up it is not complete give more details. still world is more beautiful than you think or you see try to understand the nature and think on broader way. your conflicts will disappear try to flow along the stream instead against the stream. good lukin asia some where there is a forest. pple who living with some conflicts go there in the early evening and stays all night there. once it is morning all matters are solved. do you want the address of this forest or you rather create one of your ownu want to stay aloof...& then to top it ask Q like this...wat the hell u want???? wats worring u?. do u think lifes all that easy?dont chk on people chk urself...& best way is to share..share all even the feelings...giv some space. & keep some for urselfstart by organizing your prioties and set realistic goalsConflict is a natural occurance in human beings, you are not alone in this problem.  Define your conflict(s).  Write them down on a piece of paper.  Write down each feeling you have that are associated with your conflicts.  Then ask yourself if there is anything you can do to change your opinion of those conflicts.. . Do you believe in God or Jesus?  Do you believe that Jesus died on the cross for your sins and that He wants you to accept Him as your personal Lord and Savior?  If you answered yes to these questions have a heart to heart talk with God.  Tell Him you feel conflicted about certain aspects in your life and ask Him to help you out.  When God is in your corner, no one can be against you.. . Good luck and I hope your conflicted feelings disappear.Get drunk and quit whining.Go outside and take a walk, get that blood pumping through your body!  You sit around and do nothing way too much.  You need to get out and excercise!  It really does make one feel better.Sit down in a quiet place and reflect on your life.  Listen to your instincts as you go over your thoughts.  When you find one that makes you feel anxious or tight inside, its likely one of the conflicts in your life.  Do this several times.. . Once you have taken the time to really think about the conflict in your life, make a list, separating conflict from blessings.. . Look at your list of conflict and attempt to rate it...with one being the thing you have felt the most conflict about.  . . Take number one ONLY and try to break it down into its various components.  Once you have done that, think about how you can change or eliminate those components from your life.. . This, by the way, is called the cognitive approach to problem solving and works for many things.. . Good luck!Try making a list of what is going on in your life that makes the feelings of confliction.  It might help when seeing them in front of you.  . . ONce this down -- start numbering them on level of importance.  ONe being the most important and causing less confliction. . Is there a to do list you can develop from this?. Is there any resolutions you can make on some of the issues in order to let them go?. Are there people you feel more relaxed around than others?  What is the cause of the anxiety around some people and not others?  What is it about these people that cause more anxiety? Can you do anything about it? Like, hang around people that don't cause these feelings.. . . It is difficult without more information to really suggest much more.  I have more questions than answers.join a self help groupheavy drinking and some pills will make you righta conflict of feeling is due to having 2 choices to make . Am I on the right track ? The best way to get rid of the feelings is to make a decision .Of coarse I hold firmly to the idea that if you don't know what to do, don't do anything, because it's not the right time to . But also , making a decision even if it's wrong has it's benefits ,because making a wrong one, teaches us how to make right ones ..make some decisions and stick by them.It will pass. But it's part of a cycle that will probably not end...as soon as things smooth out, more conflicts arrive. More  troubles and conflicts are all lined up, down around the corner, up the street and through the hills...all waiting their turn to knock on your door. That's not pessimism...it's reality, and it helps to know that's the way it is with everyone. But also in line are accomplishments, joy, love and good feelings and good relationships. Just don't get bummed, or be so surprised, when conflicts show up. Conflicting feelings will always be a part of life, and when they do, you're going to get "that feeling" all over again. But it will pass.Relax.. Then try to intuitively make choices.. Things tend to work out in the end, even when on the surface things may seem to be really screwed up.Decide.. . Pro's and con's lists can really be benefical!!!You have to change your point of view on reality. You're not the only unhappy one - some people have more problems.. Stop get angry on people - try to understand them.get rid of one of your conflicts then you will be wholeFight it.Well first I would recommend finding out where the conflict is. Then resolve it. Everything will be ok if u r honest with yourself.I think there will always be conflict in a person's life.  Nothing is ever going to go perfectly.  No matter how much effort and/or planning that goes into it.  You can cut down on conflict by eliminating negative energy around you.  Like drama, mean people, bad thoughts.  Good luck.Yes, life is full of conflicts.  We have a natural man nature inside us that causes us to have to make decisions as whether to do right or follow our natural selfish instinct.  Pray, tell God that you want to depend on Him for your guidance.  Then accept His Son, Jesus as your Lord and Savior.  When you do this.  His Holy Spirit, will guide you to make correct decisions for you and others.
PERFECT WEATHER. COLD. A FOOT OF SNOW ON THE GROUND AND MORE COMING. WINDY. THE SMELL OF THE SMOKE FROM THE CHIMNEYS.......... GREAT WEATHER -------sunny, 80's, no clouds :)My favorite weather would be (in Canada) -30 degrees Celsius! I like the temperature really cold because the crisp breeze makes me feel so alive!!the perfect snowfall, with white puffy snowflakes falling straight down and making the whole ground perfectly white again.My perfect weather is in the Caribbean, where I wish I could retire too.... . :O). JerryNew England weather: capricious and unpredictable.. . The old saying goes "If you don't like the weather in New England, then wait a minute".Mine is in the fall in New England, after noon when it is not too hot but not too cold so you only need a light jacket or long sleeve shirt.  The sky is clear and the leaves are red and orange.  The wind is blowing kinda hard, just enough to cool you down as you hike.  It is beautiful and I miss fall already :(
the costlier the fuel, the more people will pay for it (or have to pay for it). this increases the inflationThey are not.  Core inflation specifically excludes housing and fuel.Petroleum/diesel is a globally recognized as the highest energy supplier. And because there are inter-linkage between economic variables, especially prices, it should not surprise you as such, for the following reasons:. (1). The rate of inflation is an indication of the happening in the economy as well as outside the economy - remember imported inflation/ imported shocks/external shocks in global economic dynamics?. (2). Petrol/Diesel is used both for domestic and industrial uses as well as for commercial purposes. . (3). So, it is logical to think that if the prices of fuel (petrol/diesel) rises, the cost of production/activities at home, industries and commercial set-up will rise up and vice versa.. (4). Consequently, if the price of petrol rises, the prices of other things will rise even beyond expectation.. However, it should be noted that, not all price rise is an inflation; i.e , only when the price rise is unsustainable, which may be the result of some false indication within the economy.OPEC requires that its oil be purchased in dollars. Even China, Russia, and the european union have to use american dollars if they want to buy oil from opec. If it weren't for this fact, the american dollar would be worthless because there's so many dollars floating around.
They have a meeting and make a judgment on weather or not to intrest rates.The Fed members vote on deciding whether to raise interest, this is done to control inflation (i.e. an increase in prices of goods in a country)They buy/sell  in the overnight market for funds, used by banks and other financial institutions, to keep the interest rate ( Fed funds rate) at or near the target value.
TRY TO FIND A GOOD SITE, ASK YAHOO.  WHEN IS THE PAPER DUE?Its outdated theorys. Focus more on the global economy
Human nature, fanaticism and utter ignorance! And it's the fanaticism within the soul that maintains it.Prejudice is stereotyping a specific race, group, gender, etc. and even though many will deny being prejudice, everyone is. Is it a bad thing? No. But when you stereotype a person then "judge" them according to that category, then that becomes racist and that is a bad thing. . . For example, many women view men as sexual perverts, pigs, sloppy, etc. It's a general characteristic portrayed towards men for centuries. Another example would be to view a specific race such as Asian. Many people would view an Asian person and think "They are experienced in the martial arts". But that isn't always the case.  These are both forms of prejudice and not entirely a bad thing. How you react to that prejudice thought makes the difference if it's bad(racist) or not.There is a psychological explanation that can be used. According to this psychologist called Tajfel. He created social identity theory, this is that people form ingroups and outgroups. If you are in a person’s ingroup you will be looked after and treated well. If your in a persons outgroup they will treat you differently and badly. Outgroups were shown to develop shared attitudes to outsiders. Behaviours to the outgroups consisted of discrimination and prejudice. This is because they find it hard to identify with outsiders.. . . The formation of outgroups is dependent on a person/ingoup’s categorisation/schemas that have been developed for a person/outgroup. This means that attributes, behaviours and preconceived ideas of the person/outgroup means that they don’t identify with them therefore treat the person/outgroup differently.. . The simple explanation is that people have the wrong ideas and information about other people that makes them demonise the other person. The way to counter this is to educate people about differences. People are scared of the unknownjust plain old ignorance people fear what they do not understand plus the arrogance not to find outa> ignorance poverty >FEAR. b> closing their mindPeoples ignorance and stupid attitudes!A fascist brown noses to those they feels are stronger and attack those beneath them.. Its caused by non sexual sado-masochism.. . Prejudice is similar, its about scapegoating all those percieved to belong to a group; and the group is perceived to be dangerous.. . Its maintained by selecting events and experiences that confirm the prejudice and ignoring those that contradict it.If you look back far enough, perhaps half a million years, you will see that man was not the major primate on the planet.  We had to compete with other apes and other tribes.  Different apes and tribes therefore meant competition for limited resources.  Solution, make sure you get to the resources first and/or whipe out the competition.. . Anything different is viewed as "Not Us."  Not us can mutate into Not Human, or does not feel pain, at least not in the same way (Do fish feel pain?  Of course not, now pass the vinegar.)  (Women don't feel pain, not the same as men anyway.). . Prejadice may be an extension of this where, in order to survive, we need to see things that are not a part of our small world, as too different to worry about.. . Education and familiarity is the only solution.Prejudice or pre-judging is actually part of our every day decision making process. It is mainly when it is associated with racial judgements that it becomes taboo and often illegal. The application of experience to decision making is applying prejudice. e.g. Experience may show that approaching a strange Labrador is generally fairly safe but approaching a strange doberman is a bit risky so this is applied in our day to day lives. Have similar experiences with different races and you may not apply them in future decision making. This is in spite of accepted differences in races as shown by the Mohawk Indians ability to work high steel that is shunned by others.. . How do we maintain it? Experience.People can be prejudiced about almost anything from the food that they eat,to the clothes that they wear,to the religious beliefs that the faithful hold,Believe the seed of religious intolerance starts at home by the views expressed by the parents,it may get impetus from the teachings at school,or from peer groups at school,fuelled by the readings from magazines and the media, personal choice and the freedom to express your views in debate are the corner stones of any true democratic  country,Colour prejudice is again started in the home fuelled by your experiences in life,being different is not a crime in my country but non conformity is looked upon as inferior to those who conform to societies accepted norms, stereotypical views are held in places where they have no right to be held and should be banned or at least faced up to and eradicated, these are the worst places for them to be held ,for do we not look to our elected representatives . as person who hold the views of the many and not the few. LFPrejudice means "judging before", already believing something before having enough knowledge.. We all do this, usually because we do not have time (or  inclination) to study everything in sufficient detail. It is an important survival skill to be able to see patterns and to act on them, but this can also cause serious problems (see link to "Paris Syndrome").. Socially, groups are held together by common prejudices, people will pretend to have these prejudices so they can stay within the group.
Being shy is very common in this country---and speaking in front of groups is the number one fear in the nation. Overcoming shyness and building up confidence is a process.. . Start out slowly. Speak up more often in places you feel most comfortable---a family gathering, a group of friends. Then be more daring---go to a coffee shop and stike up a conversation---keep it simple, for example, "Wow, can you believe that the holiday season is here already?". . Other things to do---get on groups such as these to learn about different subjects so that you will feel more confident in groups.. Try something you have always wanted to try---accomplishment builds up confidence. Join a groupd activity---art class, martial arts----build confidence and meet people.. . Most of all--do not give up! Sometimes we can be our own worst enemy if we feel we are "never going to get through this'---and take time always to compliment yourself. It sounds silly, but building yourself up in the mirror works for a lot of people, or putting up notes around your room with "positives" about who you are. Hang in there! Just bringing this up to a group online is a step in the right direction!  : )I wish someone would tell that secret because i need too.First start looking poeple right in the eyes when spoken to,and you,ll be amazed at how other poeple are just as shy,and that will help you over come it!And everyday when you get up,Look your self in mirror and tell yourself{out loud]"Today i am gona like myself and work on loving myself!do that ever day and night,in bathroom mirror!also Start beleaving it!HollywoodKnow that "your're beautiful and it's true" say that to yourself. If you're in doubt about yourself enhance that area.  Only you can build your self-esteem up; no books, person or magic potion.  Believe in yourself, that's the magic and love yourself.  Pamper yourself. Take time for U. If Somebody put you down; they were projecting; it's the way they see themselves.  You're beautiful, it's true!1st.. find ppl that you admired who possess those qualities that you feel you lack.. . 2nd...study them and apply what you learned and intergrade them into your own personality.. . 3rd...make believe that you are an actor and start pretend that you are someone who exude confidence.. . keep this in mind..90% of the time when you feel that you had said something stupid or did something embarrassing, chances are people didn't even noticed.. . Good luck ! :)First decide if you are shy or just quiet. There is a difference. If you are just quiet I would recommend *Party of One by Anneli Rufus and The Highly Sentive Person by Elaine Aaron please llok them up on the web and if that's you I would really recommend reading themit bothers me when people say to just overcome it. you can't. just as you can't make yourself taller is the same reason you can't be more outgoing. it is a genetic trait. . . i would probably consider myself shy. i have struggled with this disease all my life, and there seems to be nothing i can do to get rid of it. because shyness is seen as a terrible quality in men, i never get any mates. the only time i am happy is when i am drunk, and i actually can talk to females with confidence and it feels good to be outgoing like the stupid jocks they love so much. . but alcohol is only a temporary solution.. . my solution is this: after college, i am going to move to thailand. if your from the u.s, there is a lot of pressure to be really loud and obnoxious. thai people are much nicer and friendly and it is easier to be around them. plus the girls are awesome, and they pamper westerners.. . so go to the land of smiles and be free.To over come you must start out with baby steps.  Set some goals small at first and larger as you go.  As one goal is met the confidence begins to grow.  Before you know it you will be less shy and much more confident.  You must see accomplishments to overcome.  You must set goals and meet them to accomplish anything.You have to do what you fear.. If you self hypnotise yourself....see yourself doing something every night before you go to sleep....this will help you to overcome your shyness.. Works for me.
Well that's like a homeless person saying why can't a home owner be happy with a small house. think about itMillionaires become billionaires because they have huge ideas that resut in large companies being formed that employ millions of people and enable them to have full lives and live with dignity. Bill gates and Microsoft! Les Wexner and the Limited Brands. (A huge employer in the central Ohio area). Warren Buffet http://www.berkshirehathaway.com/subs/sublinks.html owns everything from Dairy Queen to Helzburg Diamond Co. Survival and Dignity? Buffett and Gates are coming together to donate billions of $$$ to charity.. Sorry Your logic is flawed!People greed for money never stops...less you have more content you are...Scientists have found that while a certain amount of money does indeed make us happy, once basic needs are met, happiness doesn't continue to rise in direct proportion to income. For instance, surveys of lottery winners found they are not much happier than the average person -- and actually took less pleasure in routine events, like a friend telling a joke.. .  Researchers Tim Kasser of Knox College and Dr. Richard Ryan of the University of Rochester have found that people who make money a top goal in life are at greater risk for depression, anxiety, behavioral and relationship problems, and score lower on indicators testing for self-actualization and vitality (or feeling alive and vigorous). The results were consistent across different countries, income levels, and age groups.I think that Money is not happiness. The world loves chaos and will create anything for it to be unbalanced.  If all was smooth sailing the world would be worst because It'll be boring. However, I agree with your ideas.Why go on eating after you've had the most delicious meal in your life?  There is always more.. . On another point, most people with wealth know that their worth is only as powerful or as valuable as others see fit to recognize.  Their stocks could crash, their $10 million dollar home might crumble in a land slide, burn in a fire, devaluate when a liquor store opens down the street (ok, that was a bit of a stretch....but you know).  These people do not have gold reserves, I can assure you.Because too many luxuries to buyMoney is a gas!. They are too greedy to know the meaning of 'content'the thing is, once your a millionaire for a few days it gets kinda old, i mean sure you got the nice house and the sweet ride and the hot wife, but..... on the other hand we spend so much time in hawaii that we need a house there too and that ride isn't enough to get me to my meetings in detroit fast enough i need a jet and my wife is hot but shes getting old so if i buy her new t*ts and botox and a mercedes and she still doesn't f*ck me then i might as well just concentrate on work... which i am REALLY good at.Because thats what they do and their good at it.  Its like playing poker or whatever,  they enjoy turning profit, making deals, crushing competitors.  Why stop if thats what they were meant to do?  I' m not sure there is any evidence on the survive and evidence part of your question.they would be doing a disservice to america putting any amount of money in your stupid hands.The characteristics that make them rich do not go away when they accomplish wealth.  It would be like asking them to stop doing what it is their nature to do: obtain wealth.. . Even the not-so-rich can be like this.  My dad spent his life as a miser.  Now as he only has a few years to live and a fair net worth.  You'd think he would sell everything and live the rest of his life as good as possible.  Instead he seems to act like he can take it with him when he goes.  He is not doing this to leave an inheritance, he simply never became the kind of person that could spend and he cannot do it now that he ought to-out of habit.When you have all that money I guess that there would be a constant worry as to where to put it or invest it. There are so many bad people out there. Think about it - if you had money - who would/could you really trust???? You attract people who want to know you because of your money. Your relationships are affected because of the money. I cant imagine that you could possibly have any real true friends as they either only want to know you because of your affluent image, or because they WANT your money...... I think it would be a headache to have this lifestyle/money. -  When you sleep you could be robbed. When you are awake you could be robbed..... What a headache. Dont forget the churches bombarding you for your good charity.... You would never be left alone... Know any rich people that you really like???? I cant think of any!!!!!!!!!!!! Know any really truely content rich people???   I cant think of any!!!!!!!!!!!!...........
Honestly, it's a fairly subjective measure, although there are some benchmarks in place.  For example, for a score of 50, person has "serious symptoms" or has "serious impairment" functionally...  But really, it's based a the rater's opinion of the person they are rating.The German Air Force isn't anything for us to worry about.it is global assessment of functioning. It is a scale in the DSM-IV. 1-10 Persistent Danger of harming self or others. 11-20 Some Danger of Harm to Self or Others. 21-30 Presence of hallucinations or delusions which influence behavior. 31-40 Some impairment in reality testing. 41-50 Serious Symptms&#92;. 51-60 Moderayte Symptoms. 61-70 Mild Syptoms 71-80 Temporary 81-90 Few 91-100 None
it would mean rising prices and less purchasing power. retail businesses will slow down as consumer spending deminishes. real estate prices go down in many areas, granted there is a slow local growth.World War II.People would buy less, owners of stores would have expenses piling up with no way to pay them. They would have to sell stuff for lower, and that would bring inflation down.Bonnie and Clyde types become national heroes.. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonnie_and_clyde. . Tent City in Washington D.C. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tent_city. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hoovervillekerplunk!!!Inflation + Unemployment = Recession.. Jimmy Carter gave us one back in the early 1980's...oh and don't forget another part of the equation: High Interest Rates...taaaa daaaa
If you are a flexible person, try kicking your own butt...Think about hte consequences if you don't finish your paper, that always motivates me, then try looking at sample papers on that topic by searching for them online to help give you IDEASThat's just laziness and procrastination. lol. don't worry, I suffer from it too! lol but I'm probably lazier than you! It seems like all my assignments are turned in late! lol. . edit: btw, I have adhd, so that is part of why I'm so lazy!That is ME!  if I have a week to get a paper done I will get it done hours before it is due but if I only have a day it gets done quicker.  You sound like you have ADD I did not find out until i was an adult and knowing has helped me to understand myself.  Tasks that seem trivial are almost impossible to do but should be easy.
Blacks and hispanics are refered to as "minorities" because they do not have the same amount of power and influence in this country as "whites" do. We tend to think of majority and minority in terms of numbers. These terms also refer to those in positions of power and authority. This is why blacks and hispanics are called "minorities", they are not currently the ones who have the "majority" of the say so.They aren't all I think about when I hear the term minority. Women, American Natives, Asians, Middle Easterners, the poor, and Seniors are just SOME of the ones I think of. I think it's because you are not as diversed in this area and you assume that Hispanics and Blacks are the the most mentioned minorities because you possibly are taught that or see that more often in your life than other people. There are tons of people who considered minorities for many different reasons, not necessarily race affiliated either. Perhaps you are linking the term minority with race.because they trying to make them feel inferior and insignificant.It's cause they are a minority.Although they are NOT in the minority in world population, they are in the minority in "opportunity".  For some reason, Caucasians have it easier, but that is changing, so I hope you only think that way and are not a racist!Yeah minority is realtive to a context.In the context of the USA, blacks and hispanics are known a minorities relative to the anglo saxon white majority. . In the context of my old student union, trotskysts where thought of when one heard the term minority, and in the parliament right now, republicans are thought of when one hears minority, as in minority leader etc.that is an American expression because there are less blacks and Hispanics in the US than whites.  In another country, say Africa white could be the minority race.  In a Latino country white would be a minority.  Understand?Yea, in the U.S.A., they are thought of as the minority because they ARE the minority in most cases.  In the government, they are the minority.  In many colleges, they are still the minority.  Even in Hollywood, I think they are the minority.. . The majority makes up more than the minority.  100 years ago, Caucasions were overwhelmingly the majority.  They still are today (as far as I know), and that is why other races (Asian-Americans, African-Americans, Hispanics) are considered minority races.  But the numbers aren't as drastically different as they were in the past, and we are progressing towards a more even distribution in our country (of race).because it is common.I don't know, because it seems like there's plenty of mexicans go around and blacks are everywhere. Out of 10 people AT LEAST 2 people must be black otherwise the company/group is considered "racist".  ASIANS are minorities. middle easterners are minorities. polynesians are minorities. (<---  in the general u.s., not big cities). . FYI: over 50 percent of california is hispanic, and 15 percent of america is black.PERHAPS IN USA.... . NOT IN 60% OF THE REST OF THE WORLD.....they are classified like that ,because that's a fact in term of the census the government does to see how much people they have in their country,it includes ,races,professions,how many are ,woman or men etc...
Depression maybe? Thats JMOI think it mean that someone is broken in their mind. not the one way show everybody, but the one we know only to ourself.I think it means you know there's something wrong with the way you are acting toward others and yourself.  You are examining your behaviour and holding it to a certain standard, and have found something lacking.  For instance, there is a fight escalating in the house, but you don't feel like getting involved in it, even though you know that you have the authority to do so (parenting authority, kids bickering)  You don't have that instinct or coping skill to say or do the right thing, which, you would judge to be:  stopping the fight by any means.  Instead, you decide to just "let it play out" even though as the conflict progresses, you realize you should step in.  But you don't.. . Usually the people around you sense that there is something not quite right about you and they will call you on it.  When others around you vocalize what you yourself are thinking, it's a double warning sign that things aren't quite up to standard.  It also serves to fortify a low opinion of yourself.  "The slings and arrows"To me it means the ordeal that one goes through when their spirit is broken and has no need or reason to continue living so there is this fight within oneself to live or die and everything around one seems to make no sense.  The will is no longer theirs or there.John Lennon said, "The thing you can't hide is when you're broken inside.". . What does that mean to you?  Have you failed yourself?  Have you lied to a friend?  Have you stolen someone's time or other valuable thing?  Are  you guilty?  Even if you are never discovered, are you a guilty person?  How can we heal the hurts we've caused?  Will our broken insides be healed?. . Make amends?  Do good work?  Respect the person in the mirror?  Facilitate things for your own life and for others?  . . Heal and be well.
productivity is higher. motivating. breaks up the monotony of repetitive tasksphysical effect and interest in workefficiency and less tirednessIt is calming, yet it encourages intelligent decisions and actions.I think they try to keep their brain busy so they don't think what the hell am i doing.. . Keeping their brain busy with something not letting gray and white matter to think?????????.it depends on the music, mood of the labours and the time (morning, evening and night)... . if a music with encouraging words will make a difference in the morning shift, ..
yea, i also am on the "it doesn't" train. . GDP = Gross domestic product = value of goods produced in an economy in a set period of time (usually a year). . Really don't see where you are going with the women in the workforce bit... . How did women in the workforce effect GDP ...??Do you mean "How did?" this is the 21st century.. what is gdp?It doesn't
Misunderstandings are always a two way street.    Go clear it up, nicely.sounds like you are pretty frustrated about what happened...Seems like you are a giver and you hate to see anyone’s pain. If you are sure you didn’t mean to hurt him, but you did; Just look at him in the eyes and say you are sorry. Or it could be his own issues and frustration. Just keep being nice any way. Good luckWhy do misunderstandings occur.....because sometimes what one person says is not what the other person hears. For example, my ex-husband accused me of threatening him...and for the life of me, I couldn't figure out where he got that idea. It seems that at one point in a conversation I said that someday he would regret the decision to end our marriage. What HE heard was that I was going to MAKE him regret it, thus he thought it was a threat. You really need to find out what the other person heard, and then explain what you really said.If he's your boss, then apologize profusely for your error. if he's just a co-worker, tell him to blow it out his wazoo.
Rape is about power not sex. This is the first misconception about rape. It is about dominance and control. Men rape women, and other men, and children. Women can rape, but statistics are not very high. Rape does not have to be anal or vaginal penetration, it can be oral and any behaviour in which the survivor of the rape did not consent to. This means that rape can and does happen in marriage. Women are more likely to be raped by people they know, as opposed to strangers.. Rape is about power, not sex. A rapist uses actual force or violence - or the threat of it - to take control over another human being. Some rapists use drugs to take away a person's ability to fight back. Rape is a crime, whether the person committing it is a stranger, a date, an acquaintance, or a family member.. . No matter how it happened, rape is frightening and traumatizing. People who have been raped need care, comfort, and a way to heal.. . Why Does it Happen?. . Let's look at sexual stereotyping and how males and females talk to each other. . . Although things are changing, society still frequently encourages men to be competitive and aggressive and teaches women to be passive and avoid confrontation. . Men say they misunderstand a woman's words and actions — the excuse "she said no, but meant yes." . Some people — men and women alike — still believe that it's okay for a man to demand sex if he takes a woman out or buys her gifts, and that it's not rape if he forces sex on a woman who previously had sex with him or other men. . Women also feel that if they've previously had sex with their boyfriend and he later forces her to have sex against her will, it may not be considered rape. . . Date rape can happen in homosexual relationships as well as heterosexual ones. Although it is less frequent, men can also be the victim of rape. It is still a crime and the victim still needs to get medical attention and counseling as soon as possible.. . Rape is the sexual expression of. hostility and aggression - a behavioral act not a psychiatric. condition. Rape typically reflects deep seated feelings of. inadequacy. . . Men rape because they believe they have the right to control and to punish women who do not obey their rules of behaviour. Rape is an expression of unequal power relations between men and women. Such unequal power relations are not the result of nature or evolution but societies which, through legislation and social custom, have made women second-class citizens.. . .  In our culture sex is so interfused with violence that powerlessness and power themselves have become eroticized. Getting at the real motives of rapists is difficult since they typically do not admit their crimes. Experts say rapists are notoriously manipulative and don't always tell the truth.Rape happens NOT because the perpetrator wants sex from the other person. Rape is about power, control, and rage of/towards others. No one really knows what drives people to rape others. And many rapes are not reported, so even the percentage that the experts have in hand are low compared to how many there really are. Rape does NOT happen because of how a person dresses as a rapist picks on everyone; it doesn't happen because of a persons sexual past. The rapist will pick on anyone and everyone when he/she has the 'urge' to. They aren't typically picky about who it is, where it is, etc.i do not know nor do i think i will ever understand how anyone can rape someone makes no sense at all . .  i suppose there are more psychopaths in the world then we thought because a feeling person a human that is would not do such a thingit is a reflection of society.  Take America for example a woman can consent to sex and when you are in the middle of sexing her she says stop if you don't that is considered rape. Laws in this country are written to have double meanings and depending on your financial status determines if you get off or not.Rape is about control and violence, NOT about sex.  Whenever it happens, it's never the victims fault.  And the person who commited the crime should be burned alive.  I hope there is a higher power out there with a special hell for rapists.
are you welsh?Ha ha! My boyfriend does the same! Don't know why though. He isn't here to ask, sorry!Sorry but why?You don't have to wear black socks at all, wear gray socks, they match anything you wear.what the hell?some people can only tolerate white sox against the skin on their feet, maybe it's the dye in colored soxare your feet cold and thats why you wear two pairs of socks on your feet??i have no idea what your talking about i never have done that in my life and i really dont see the need to do that.wrong page kid. try psychiatry, and i'm seriouswhy because your feet turn black?. . I really dont know .. sorryI've never EVER heard of anyhting like this.  Who makes you wear both colours of socks?  Parents?  Ask them.Do you have a skin allergy to black socks? I don't do this. If you do wear just black socks do you go a bit crazy and start flipping out?i dont knowHuh, what ever 4, just wear one pair to match your out fit pants or what ever your fetish is.well buy more black socks then you can wear black over black ones !  SORTED!!!!!!!!!Are you serious? Two pairs of socks.... . Just wear the color you like.Maybe its as Penny suggested, an Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. . . I was going to say ~ . . 'Because you'd get arrested,'. . just wearing black socks  ~  as The Police, under the aegis of the Law, tend to object to that mode of dress / behaviour (as do certain sections of society).. . There may be an answer, but only you hold the clues to it and, as Mr Spock would say, ''You have supplied insufficient data to compute an answer, Captain.''. . Sorry.. Sash.It's called obsessive compulsive disorder. But no i dont think your weird because my niece sometimes does that.Is this a uniform or something?. If it is is, well you just gotta follow its code or protest against it if you do not like it!. . Sorry if my answer is not serous bit the question is a bit different.Why do you have to do this? Is it for gym class or something? Sometimes they will make you do that because the coloring in the black socks will bleed onto your skin when you sweat, thus them telling you to where white socks. Other than that I don't know...Serious answers only how about a serious question?????Years ago, only white socks were made of cotton.  Cotton supposedly helps to wick the perspiration away from the foot and is healthier for the foot.  Or so the theory goes.  Now Cotton socks are made in all colors.  If you don't have foot fungus or other foot problems, white socks-colored socks should not be an issue.
Because it was a stable solid currency ... It was a good idea...Ecuador has had a long history of currency devaluations and hyper-inflationary periods. By adopting the dollar as its currency, it instantaneously solves the problem of not having any monetary credibility. It has a lot of advantages for a country like Ecuador but there are also a lot of disadvantages such as 0 monetary flexibility.Because "deutchmarks" is too hard to spell!
Focus on what's being said instead of drifting off or formulating what you're going to say in response.  Active listening is when you genuinely hear and synthesize, digest, and process what's being said.  It takes a bit of discipline and training, but it's do-able and worth it.A friend of mine had this. But she had it right after she lost her sister to a protein diet. . . She would drift off in a matter of seconds when people tried talking to her.... . If youve been through a lot of stress..I wud suggest u go to a counsellor. . . Peace and Good luckIs it just with listening, or attention to many other things?. Do you pay attention if someone writes to you?. Do you remember only what you read and write, not what you hear?. If this is drastically the case, a cognitive nueropsychologist could help.  Or a neurologist.. A doctor needs to check you out if you have a racing heart that goes with this inattention.. If it's people only, then maybe you need some compassion.  Go do some volunteer work, and learn about what other people are all about.Get some closure to some of your day dreams and then you will find it easier to focus on what others are saying and you wont tune them out as a habit.It is up to each person to change their habits, unfortunately there is no magic or instant cure.  Change always takes work.  If you have gotten stuck in the rut of an old habit, then the only solution is to make the effort to practice a new behavior until that new behavior becomes your new habit.what are you thinking about when people are talking to you? hopefully you are thinking. Are the people speaking to you saying anything relevant? if not why allow them to speak. You have to concentrate at the very least its polite, however you may also miss something that is important i.e. Dont put that in your mouth it is waaaaay by its sell by date, look out for that hole, etc.Pretend it is a quiz.. . You MUST come up with a re-digest of what they just said, as a question: "Oh, so your Mother-in-law is difficult to understand sometimes?" "I see, you're worried about you kid's grades?" "Why do you think your husband doesn't want to go to your sister's house?". . Focus on what is being said.
The general answer to this one is usually full of microscopic jargon & particles. But the human ability to see colours is shared with a number of other animals, decided by how the eye came to function.. .   How does it benefit us? We have survived by hunting well camouflaged animals.Evolution doesn't work by necessity, it works through opportunity. Colour vision has never been essential but animals with colour vision are more likely to survive than those without. . . Colour vision allows hunters to spot their prey more easily and avoid their predators. Colour vision allows gatherers to tell the difference between plants and fruits at a glance, especially important for avoiding poisonous foods.of course colours are important.  You'd get a stomach ache if you ate a berry which wasn't ripe.We have fruitivore ancestry. Color vision is quite an adaptive advantage in perceiving the ripest fruit. Even a slight adaptive advantage( as little as 1% coefficient of fitness advantage ) would allow some to out compete others and leave more decedents.the ability to see colour we evolved it so that we could tell the diffrence in colour between poision and normal berrys ect witch had been like that because other animals had evouled colour vission b4 we did also to tell if a potentioal mate is well and the abilty to see colour would help a early human or primate what ever to see the member of the opposite sex that blush`s that used to be a give away of attraction and hence more likly to mate more likly to get your d.n.a passed on and hence most people will end up with it anything that makes you more likely to mate and have offspring is evolution some times that means living shorter some times longer depens on the life forum and the time ect why did human`s evolve to do it doggie style cos monekys can do it easy with out coming out of a tree all these years later and with out any other help doggie is still probably the easyst and quick`st way to have sex sorry gone off of colour vission here but there are loads of resons why it would be more likly for the colour seeing early humans or what ever to mate if they saw colour and hence thats why we all see in colour same sorta reason why your eyes are in your head insted of you chest it just works better for you if its like that .  if my rant is any help sorry if i got a bit long wind`edGod made flowers different colors so eve would like them.  adam picked her a bouquet and she was very grateful and she showed him how much. You know the rest of the story.sorry mate...you lost me...eh?Lysergic acid diethylamide, commonly called LSD, acid, or LSD-25, is a semisynthetic psychedelic drug. The short form LSD comes from the German "Lysergs?ure-diethylamid". A typical single dose of LSD is between 100 and 500 micrograms, an amount roughly equal to one-tenth the mass of a grain of sand. Threshold effects can be felt with as little as 20 micrograms[1] but most users may prefer to take larger doses.[2]. . The effects of LSD can vary greatly depending on factors such as previous experiences, state of mind and environment, as well as dose strength. Generally, LSD causes expansion and altered experience of senses, emotions, memories, time, and awareness for 8 to 14 hours. In addition, LSD may produce visual effects such as moving geometric patterns, "trails" behind moving objects, and brilliant colors. LSD does not produce hallucinations in the strict sense but instead illusions and vivid daydream-like fantasies, in which ordinary objects and experiences can take on entirely different appearances or meanings. At higher doses it can cause synesthesia. Some users cite the LSD experience as causing long-term or permanent changes in their personality and life perspective.. . LSD is synthesized from lysergic acid derived from ergot, a grain fungus that typically grows on rye. LSD is sensitive to oxygen, ultraviolet light, and chlorine, especially in solution (though its potency may last years if the substance is stored away from light and moisture at low temperature). In pure form it is colorless, odorless, and mildly bitter. LSD is typically delivered orally, usually on a substrate such as absorbent blotter paper, a sugar cube, or gelatin. In its liquid form, it can be administered by intramuscular or intravenous injection, or even in the form of eye-drops. . Introduced by Sandoz Laboratories as a drug with various psychiatric uses, LSD quickly became a therapeutic agent that appeared to show great promise. However, the extra-medical use of the drug in Western society in the middle years of the twentieth century led to a political firestorm that resulted in the banning of the substance for medical as well as recreational and spiritual uses. Despite this, it is still considered a promising drug in some intellectual circles, and organizations such as MAPS, Heffter Research Institute and the Albert Hofmann Foundation exist to fund, encourage and coordinate research into its medical usesThere is no evolution.  We did not come from a monkey.  God created our eyes to see lots of colors so that we're able to enjoy the world around us to the fullest extent.  We aren't an accident that resulted from a explosion millions of years ago.  We were created by an inteligent desighner to see with all the colors we see.  I know this will stir things up a lot and make you and lots of other people really mad by posting this, but it's the truth.Apart from all the text-book scientific answers to this question; do you not think that our world and our lives would be very dull and drab if we could not see the beauty of colour?the whole point of evolving is its just that - slow changes.. animals see in shades of grey mostly and hunt by watching movement and using scent. this helps to compensate for lesser visual awareness than people say. im sure the first people couldnt see in colour and were at an immediate disadvantage when it came to spotting prey.. so eventually someone developed eyesight where they could make out some colour. this happened through an actual mutation in their genes and this event benefitted them. then those people with colour vision bacame more successful and competitive than their mono-vision neighbours and flourished.. the colour-blind's decreased and today most people see in colour.
well its kinda the agentic shift, passing the blame onto someone else. for example, the genocide in Rwanda, the people who carried it out said they were only following orders. Its human nature to blame someone or something else for ones own mistakes, after all even subconscioulsy we all think we are perfect in certain ways, and if we make a mistake, we arent perfect, but its good to blame some one else for what has happened that makes un inperfect, as we seek to become the bestIsn't the real reason laziness?it's called self-preservation.Perhaps it called protective instinct as we are going to protect ourselves no matter the cost.It's just easier to have an excuse for something rather than telling somebody your just lazy, or u don't like them, you find them boring, or you just didn't feel like getting ready and coming to work today. Everybody doesn't have to know all your inner thoughts and insecurities, Its none of their business.
There are many examples look at some of the former Soviet republics patriotism lead to their independence from the Soviet Union but afterward many Russians Ukrainians and other minority groups in some of these republics where harshly persecuted and in some cases this has led to war we should be careful in the U.S. because all the patriotism you hear about could very well lead to a war against immigrants and all the minority groups."You are either with us, or you are against us."  G.W. Bush. . "Support our troops in Iraq.  Remember 911."   (OK um...wasn't it Afghanistan?)   This was a sign over the 405 freeway two years ago.. . Recent cases seem pretty manipulative of patriotism, however, WWII was plain human decency."Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrle" the saying goes. Here are some who wrote about this topic:. . http://www.yakrider.com/Poetry_n_Essays/Essays/freedom_from_the_known.htm. . As early as 1864 Tolstoy wrote about patriotism:. . http://www.panarchy.org/tolstoy/1894.eng.html. . You can find a lot more of rethoric on the subject just by typing you question into google, yahoo, ask,com, answer com. etc.if output of war may bring glory to the nation , then pat.. may lead to war. but most of the case reverse takes place.Patriotism is a component of group identity creation(as well as a tool of state formation and state reproduction/maintenance.) In turn group identity creation is inherent to socialisation.  Through group identity we define ourselves. Group identity seeks to homogenise the characteristics of different groups: the “us” and the “them” (others). “Us” as the opposite of “them”.. . Often the process of group identity creation results in the vilification of the “them-group” willing ascribing positive attributes to the “us-group”. In turn, the vilification facilitates the differentiation, distancing and dehumanization of the members of the “them-group”. Once this has been achieved the absence of empathy renders it less problematic to attack and attempt to destroy the members of the “them-group”. . . Pride in who you are, where you come from is not a bad thing. Everything around us makes us who we are as individuals. However, believing that a group's vision of the world is the absolute truth will undeniably lead to clashes with other visions of the same world. . . Patriotism can blind us to the fact that individually we tend to have similar aspirations and desires regardless of where we come from, we want to live, and work, love, laugh and cry…In this way, patriotism can blind people and make them believe that between groups, existing differences whether physical, social, religious, economic, ethnic (among others), are a matter of survival. Once our group's survival is perceived as threatened the commonalities that individuals share become blurry when considered as a mass. . . Differences will always exist they make for a wider grasp of the world as perceived from different eyes. Conflict is therefore bound to happen but it does not mean that violence is the way to solve things. . . Ironically enough, if the members of the "us-group" were to succeed in totally annihilating all the members of the “them-group” that would leave them having to redefine themselves, since that which they were opposite to no longer is. A new raison d’etre would have to be created: a new enemy! It’s a never ending story; unless humanity succeeds in completely destroying itself we will be forever locked in a vicious cycle of self destruction.A patriot is somebody who loves his country. . Therefore the country of this patriot is by definition the best of the world.. Therefore, the other countries must be worst.. As the other countries patriots does think that their countries are the best in the world also; There is a unsolvable misunderstanding which usually finish into war.
B.F.Skinner Reinforcement and Punishment means maladjustment in several ways:. Reinforcement-  Antisocial Behaviors, for example giving extra attention to the student who is disruptive in class.. . Punishment-  Prosocial Behaviors, for example punishing a child for truthfully confessing to an accident, like breaking a dish or spilling milk.Reinforcement [ negative or positive ] give you something.. . Punishment takes something away.reinforcement encourages behavior, and punishment discourages behavior.if you don't rob a really big bank you'll pay for it all your lifeReinforcement can be negative (punishment) or positive. If you do something wrong and get punished for it (ie. negative reinforcement), are you really going to want to do it again?
Back in the hippy days, pot was kept in glass jars a lot of the time.  A lid was literally how much would fit into the lid of the jar.  It does not necessarily mean an ounce.the history of the "lid" began long ago when pot was very cheap. Technically a lid is one sandwhich bag full with the flap thing folded closed.I guess you gotta be an old guy to know this one. Well, it's a variance of an '60's black slang term. Back then, pot was pretty cheap, so an ounce or so was not considered much at all. If a brother had about that much in a baggie, he'd say "I only got a liddle." (little). This was shortened over the years to: "I only got a lid' man."
you should have been watching the news the past four years when they talked about tom delay redistricting texas so the republicians could win elections. The good honest Tom got a copy of the census report and drew the districts so they all had morer republicans in them than democrats . but of course good old honest Tom is no longer in our government and is now awating trial for fraud and other things.via redistricting...also know as gerrymanderingdecides how many house of representatives we will have, based on populationIt's a good way to distribute the wealth of any nation. Because we can have a benchmark for social economic distribution based on population expansions.
boys can be rape victems as well ,but it happens more to womenMaybe because they said "NO".... No is No whether a male or female said it.  . I don't see the gender differences when it comes to rape.due to weaker sex and is also a sex objectI don't quite understand your question, especially the phrase "concept gender differences."  . . Men are also victims of rape.WHAT! U ARE SO MEAN!Men are also rape victims but women report it more often than men. Men  are known to be strong and don't want to admit that they were overpowered and taken advantage of...that's what rape is. More women than men are raped but very few women report it and a lot less men but it has nothing to do with gender..rape occurs regardless of age, sex, income, color, religion, etcMen can be raped too. I prefer the term 'rape survivor'
Yes.no the people in power were responsible. they are called politicians and armed forces idiots. the common man is just a pawn in the big pictureAustrailia is part to blame, having created the main components.  However, the VC spread it throughout Vietnam.  Regardless of who is responsible, that was the most meaningless war with the exception of what is going on currently in Iraq.
Because it takes the focus off of yourself and what you should be doing with your life. It is much easier to focus on someone else than to excel in school, change jobs, get a job, or what ever you need to do to move forward. It isn't that uncommon for people to do this from time to time when they are "stuck", but it is not normal if it is your total lifestyle without cease.Try to sublimate that energy towards something productive. I have a hard time doing this myself and sometimes invest energy in people who just don't give a f***.It's called L O V E.
I think it goes to memory. Whether its more important to remember things that are more recent, or more important.They refer to the relative salience of stimuli that are presented in a sequence.  If you are given a long list of words to memorize, you tend to remember the words at the beginning of the list and the end of the list, while memory is worst for words in the middle of the list.  The primacy effect refers to increase recall of stimuli that are presented early in the sequence (due to less information being present to overload short-term memory).  The recency effect refers to the tendency to remember stimuli at the end of the sequence.i have No Idea>kjhglsddapdihtap2939rw93rw0ifjslmfowkjfojr
lacking manors don't be so rude next timeI don't know why you are asking this, and I have only seen this term a couple of times, without giving it much thought.. . Lamarckianism, as I understand it (allthough I have never read Lamarck), is basically the idea that changes in humans or animals (such as structural changes in a limb, for instance), are passed on to their offspring. As far as I know, this hypothesis/theory has been disproven, allthough it did influence Darwin.. . Several people have suggested that this form of 'evolution' can  be applied to cultural phenomena (Peter Medawar,1959;Conrad Waddington,1961).
AAAUUUGGGHHHH!!!  . . Go read Emile Durkheim's study, Suicide.  Now.. . Since you're still here, the book in a nutshell demonstrates statistically (along with a healthy dollop of sociological imagination) that suicide rates correlate with one's social group, in this case, religion.  Durkheim found that catholics and jewish folks had lower suicide rates than protestants.  This is not because of the religious principles themselves, but the kinship networks its members had.  Catholics and Jews had higher levels of solidarity, time spent with one another, and emphasized a larger interpersonal connection (high grid and group, in Mary Douglas's terms).  Protestants favored individual action and personal responsibility, with the effect of greater individual isolation.. . In the book, Durkheim also differentiates the different motives for suicide, altruistic, egoistic, etc.  You'll have to check it or get the more advanced summary to examine the differences.. . Durkheim's study, as a final note, is one of the most important studies in classical sociology, and is often one of the first things given to a new sociology graduate student (as it was in my program), since it's a great self-contained example of the sociological imagination in action using empirical data to justify a hypothesis.  . . I guess that's why I freaked out on you for asking, "so has sociology ever looked at suicide?" . . yes.  yes it has.Durkheim provided a statistical analysis of suicide which he of  fit into 4 categories. I can see the point of your question as he didn't exactly give us an UNDERSTANDING of suicide but more the interpretation of coroner's reports, death certificates and basically statistical data. Maybe then, that's part of your answer - Durheim isn't really an understanding but an interpretation. Can't remember what Douglas and Atkinson said........but comparing, contrasting and at the end of it summarising the question ......did any of these guys give an actural understanding which would be an interpretist method.Sociologists have come to understand that in cases where individuals feel overwhelming disenfranchised from the society around them, these individuals are more likely to commit suicide.  . Try to find Emile Durkheim's Suicide: A Study in Sociology.  Great read.Sociology has helped in understading suicide becuase it explains how groups view it. people are detered from suicide sometimes by the fact of not wanting to be disgraced. others live among people who don't view it as wrong or shameful so they are not detered by how it will affect them socially- rather they live and are treated badly after or die and have their memory disrespected. As always Psyc gives the personal and mental reasoning, sociology gives the group/community perspective, and anthroplogy gives the cultural perspective.If you can read this. Than I guess it worked.
Despot....you cannot control other people, you can only control the way you react to other people.You cannot impose rules on everyone, for example you cannot tell your boss what to do or to do not. but you can ask him politely and as a fervor.Why and to whom do you want to impose rules on should be answered first?. . If you want to impose rules on your own children, then it should be done with love and consequences.. . If you want to impose rules on grown up people, no such luck. When we are adults a person who wants to impose rules is a controlling person, no one whats people to control them.. . The legal system and government already impose enough rules on us to keep us straight.. . Acceptance is key!The first thing that comes to mind when you say IMPOSE rules are the threat of consequences and scare tactics. "IMPOSE" is the key word there.. . Let me know how it works for ya. ;)
when you have the confidence to be yourself no matter what.When you are good enough for yourselfwhen they know they are good enough for themselvesUnfortunately since everyone's idea of good enough is different, you may never be good enough for some. Others will think that you've always been good enough. The importing thing is whether or not you believe that you are good enough. Once someone builds enough confidence and security, what others have to say about him or her won't matter.Hmm...I think a person can often be their own harshest critic! So if you feel you are good enough...you probably are. . . The difficult part is to know when to change and when to accept yourself for who you are! Your inner compass or sense of right and wrong will tell you whether you need to believe in yourself more or bend to the will of those around you to become a better person.. . Personally, I just don't think someone like you--who obviously cares about what others think--can be all that bad :-)The first response hit it right on the mark.. . Just being born proves you're good enough since you received the gift of life.. . Often, people judge their worth by their effect on the world. That's not right to a great extent. You first have to accept yourself and be the person you imagine yourself to be.... It's a constant struggle with yourself. And once you reach that certain comfort level with yourself, everything else seems to fall into place.i agree exactly with answer#1. wen u enter into this world, u r gud enuf for it, no matter wat kind of circumstances u r born in, u have the power 2 change ur life for the better,A person will know they are good enough when they say they are.  That means being well-adjusted and secure with who they are, despite what other people want.You're good enough when you feel good about who you are.  If you can stand yourself, who cares about the rest of the world? You have to live with YOU, not the rst of the world.  FranyWe are stuck living until we die. We all are unique but yet also dealing with the every day struggles of life!!! Who are we to judge one another? We do however choose who is our friend,lover,idle,favorite things and that kind of stuff. That is what sepperates us from one another and makes us unique!! Don;t ever be ashamed or feel like your not good enough for the world! The world is full of pshycos,sexual predators, and lots and lots of really  bad as well as really cool people.Learn how to seperate the difference in them and never doubt yourself. You deterrmine what kind of person you want to be and be remembered as!!!If you have to ask, then you may never know.When they are born.everyone is good enough for the rest of the world,,the question is-- is the rest of the world good enough for you ?????if you have to ask that means you need to go back and do your homework
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger...and my favorite...learn by other peoples mistakesIt's all about Chance!. One Minute Your Standing on your Doorstep!. The next-A Truck Wipes you out!. Who Knows!!ur not needed anymore, u did what god put u on earth for. ur rewarded with heavenit just happen and i think it all depends on how yoy interpret it, some tragedies are small and others are tremendous and depends on the way people look at it.Tragedies happen to everyone, dear. No one is exempt.no one can say,huh ?   Understand what ?  Tragedies happen to EVERYONE at one time or another.Its random.I ask myself this question all the time! I have dealt with more tragedies in one life, then many will ever see. I feel that things just happen for a reason and that with things like death that when it is your time, that you will go and have no power over it. . . My parents died in a car accident almost eight years ago and I felt like it was the end of the world. But, tragedy has made me stronger and more accepting of how things are in life. You have to know that life goes on and that you are still left with normal life with family, friends, work and everything else.Well, I can better grasp this concept for myself by understanding the belief of reincarnation. You have one good life, your next life kind of sucks, your next life it awful, your next life rocks...it varies for different people wether this life is going to be good or not. The purpose of having "tragedies" happen to you is so you can learn. That's what God (or a different Greater Force) wants us to have.i believe things happen for a reason!  even tragedies.. you need to take them, learn from them and move on!. it happens to everyone at one time or another!  don't dwell on it or it'll last longer and be harder to get over.Its part of life. And we as humans sometimes cause our own tragedies. If someone gets into their car drunk and he or she ends up dying because they crashed and burned, well its simple to understand that. There's almost aleast an answer to every tragedy..                                 Take care & have a nice weekend.Tragedies happen for no particular reason. It is the law of averages. If you keep crossing intersections and you don't watch, you can do it for 200 times and brakes will squeel, but you won't get hurt. One day you will be hurt. Sickness is the same way. It sneaks up on a certain % of the population for no reason. There is less of this than any other time in the history of mankind. There is a lot of it in poorer countries even today, because  they don't have the technology. In the 18th century death was common with children. In the 20th it much less common. Has nothing to do with anything but science and technology.Tragedy is usually brought about by a character flaw.Some people live on the edge more so than others, therefore, more dangerous & tragic things are bound to happen.If that happens even after taking all humanly possible precatusions  or protective  and safty mesaures then its from "GOD and HE knows better.If tragedy never happened in one life, then one wouldn't treasure the happiness.. . If tragedy never happened in our life, then people might neglect the beauty of life.
FIRST, THEY SHOT THEM--THEN THEY SAID ''SORRY''............body language is everything.Pointed and talked slow so they understood the whole concept similar to when you talk to president bushThe same way you would speak to someone from a different speaking country than you.  Lots of hand signals and gesturesSome would point to an object or person and say what it was in english...say a rock. The native would then say what it was in their native language. Also as stated above and according to the mayflower show on history channel right now, some already knew english from previous encounters with english speaking people.Through native Americans that had been (usually) kidnapped by previous English visitors. The "Indians" learned English and some made their way back home.
I'd like to expand on what Bitstorm had to say as well as recommend that you ALL read the books by Allan G. Johnson, particularly the one called "The Gender Knot."  He discusses issues like this and he's really good at it.  . . While religion undoubtedly plays a big part in it, that can't be it.  It wasn't like, one day men and women were equal, then the next religion was born and women were beat up.  There must have been a precursor for it.  . . Here is my take on it all.  I do not think that women being second class citizens is biological.  Biologically, that doesn't make sense.  I believe there is a far off root in biology which we, as a sociey, play up.  It's called "masculinity," and more commonly and colorfully known as "being a dude" or "being a dudebro."  It essentially means that men partake in the childish competitions, as bitstorm said.. . Biologicially, females tend to have the choice of their mate.  This doesn't hold up across the board, obviously, but with many species this is how it works:  the males compete with each other for the attention of the female and the hopes that he can procreate with her.  (Sound familiar?)  Here is another fun thing to think about: on a whole, the males are the prettier of the species.  They have nicer hair/mane/feathers/scales/adornments/etc. as a way of projecting to the female that he, the male, has good genetics that she should want to help him pass on.  The females tend to have the same thing, but just not quite as pretty.  So, we have males who are pretty that compete with each other for the attention of the female.  What that means is that the female is placed on a pedestal of sorts to watch the males attempt to win her attention.. . I am going to take a quick sidenote here to bring up the inconsistency of this with human behavior.  With humans currently, it seems, women are the pretty ones and men are the ones that aren't so much.  But what makes a woman pretty?  If she takes care of herself and does her hair and puts on a little bit of make up and wears some nice clothes.  What makes a man pretty?  If he kind of wakes up in the morning and forgets to shave and his hair is kind of messy and fluffy in funny places.  It seems to be a backwards standard that kind of is contrary to what nature gave us, as humans.  What I am getting at with this is that I think human males have gotten a bit lazy.  The way that things are structured, it makes males out to have the choice in mates which is kind of backwards biologically.  . . And this is where it all merges and could come out as discrimination.  When the human male sitting around having females getting pretty in order to attract HIS attention, that creates fighting among the females (just as males fight amongst themselves for female attention).  The only trouble with that is that females are not equipped for that.  What drives the childish games which bitstorm mentioned is testosterone, the male hormone which is responsible for hair, competetiveness, and sexual libido.  So what happens is we have a bunch of males sitting around with their testosterone with females fighting for his attention which makes the females look like the weaker sex because their actions have suddenly been turned into something which is arguably abnormal in terms of female behavior.  And when behavior is abnormal, it is liable to be called and seen as abnormal and then discriminated against.  Females have come to be seen as dependent on males (because of that weird reversed biology thing) and therefore weaker and less capable since they, apparently, can't fend for themselves.  This is untrue, as many women know.. . The trouble with all of this is that as humans, we are highly socialized with tiny bits of biological urges left over, so it is hard to say which is rooted in biology versus what is rooted in what society teaches us how to act.  I think that gender roles as we know them arebecause the men realize that it a woman's world and they just live in it... ;-)You're right, women do discriminate against men.  I don't know why they think they are equally as skilled when its obvious they aren't.I guess I have never seen a place where women are treatly so fairly like in the USA... I understand you and I know what you are talking about (having you watched that movied about the miner girl who presented the first suit for sexual arresment at a working place?) anyway I just wanted you to know that in places such as Latin America there is MUCH more discrimination, mainly when it comes to what is acceptable from a woman regarding sexual behavior. In many places of the world, ONE mistake can cost a woman every chance of ever getting married or even been taken seriously by a man on her life.well the president (chancellor) of Germany is a woman, guess our society is making progress.... . But the real reason why women have been kept low throughout history is religion. It started with Eve committing an error and deceiving Adam and now you're all paying for it, lol. . . On a more serious note, there're enough religions placing women in second place, one of them is islam. I remember reading that a man is even allowed to beat up his wife...... . For what reason it  has been like that for ages i'm not sure. But the mass can be tricky to deal with. Think of the Jews. They have/had it really bad because for some groups it's the jews who killed Jesus.. . The male figure has taken its place in history as the dominating sex for its strength and leading capabilities. That ofcourse has given us an important advantage over women in this race. Unfortunately like with all animals and mamal species, stupidity comes in bundles with some of us. . . Even among men there's this childish compitition, to see whos more manly, whos stronger, whos bigger, etc... and those that dont fit in are considered weird, for the sole reason is to preserve ourselves as males. Yes i know ,very primitive and stupid..... . Ever heard a man saying "she cut his/my balls" ? That should be your clue... Keep smiling ladies, the world is changing!This has been true since the beginning of time...and women have been fighting for equality for a very long time.. . I think if the women is the most qualified I would certainly vote for her. I think a woman will be president in the next 12 years.
Because those thoughts are rational and suicide is never commited by a person in a rational frame of mind.  Death seems the only way out.  They are sadly mistaken but it seems that way to them.because life sometimes become to much to bare,and death offers eternal peace
I keep a journal, with all my private thoughts in.  No-one is allowed to see it.  I use it when too many things are going around in my head.  Could be what am I cooking for dinner or why am I such a bitch to my husband.  Works for methe way to release and speak of your feelings is to find something you liek sit and look at it or someone you love sit and speak to them sit and listen and look around at what you have near you open your eyes to what you have and express how you feel about it you have alot of tension built up inside and it needs to come out and you have someone inside wanting to come out let it go. . hope that helpssounds like sum1 needs sum more time with the thearipistI garden in the nice weather....it is creative and relaxing.I do it my listening to music, and sometimes by writing a poemI play music.. . If you're not into writing, maybe you could just read poems....and find ones you identify with?  That helps me sometimes, to know that other people feel the way I do.Express your feelings basically mean to show off something within you.. . In you case, you have to find something you can show off whether other people like it not.  It is your feeling. You have to show it somehow.Singing, dancing, cooking, taking up a physical hobbie like football, tennis, yogaExpress yourself by going public into a cruel audience; try deviant artI shout at my friends.  Not in a horrible way, but I tell them all the things that have pissed me off, and they agree or disagree depending on whether they think its a bad thing or not.  It gets it out of my system, and makes me stop thinking its all you, only you would be annoyed about this or find it strange or unkind.  Having a good moan is so therapeutic.  As long as you don't dwell on things too much.. . I only recommend this if your friends do the same back, otherwise they may tire of you being cross and angry around them.  My friends and I thrive on it.  We are grumpy old men and women in the making!. . I also put on songs that have lyrics similar to my mood and sing them aloud.  You have to sing out loud, otherwise it doesn't feel as real.Writing is one of the most creative ways to express yourself. So I will say give it some more try. Start a diary. Keep a daily journal of your major events of the day. It is also refreshing and interesting when you look back at what you wrote down years ago.darn, u said creative.. that means no smashing things up or screaming i guess. pity?. . how about creative dance. u can make up different dances for whatever mood u r in. or make up some songs. they are really good for self expression.. .  why not take up an instrument? u could choose from anything !!! guitar is good for patience or keyboard. it depends on u.. my kid is quite aggressive but he loves the guitar and has done pretty well and even made up a song. why not?doing yahoo! answers is a good way to write your feelings without actually concentrating too much on your feelings.. . read newspapers and blog (or just write) what you think about them. . . find a few friends on the internet to swop a few ideas with.... . doing martial arts or swimming can also be quite catharticMusically - Listen to something that makes you feel a certain way or "hits the spot" with what you are feeling at that time (a good example for me would be Rage Against the Machine "Killing in the Name off" when I'm pissed off, or Pink Floyd's "Wish You Were Here" when I'm missing someone). If you can play an instrument try and copy what they are playing, if you can't it might be worth learning to.. . Artistically - Similar deal, find a photo or picture that gets you at that moment and attempt to draw it or paint it etc. If it looks nothing like the pic it doesn;t matter, just go with it and see what comes out.. . Life wise - As stupid as it sound, sometimes getting totally f*cking drunk and letting loose with your emotions (telling people what you think of em, smashing something up, acting stupid and dancing about or going off on one, whatever) might bare reprecutions, but it helps release emotions + tension and needs to be done from time to time.I open my mouth and let them be known.....  NO confusion that way for those around me!!!Try to make music without trying to make music.well personally i still think talking is the best way or drawing pictures but there you go.have you ever considered singing? you don't have to write your own songs, there's plenty of emotions conveyed through music. it might even inspire you to take a step further into the industry if you find that you're good, if not, perhaps you might be able to write songs to help other people express how they feel. i can think of no better way to help myself than to aid others in their search for a better understanding of themselvesWhen I want to express my feelings, I do a little dance. Make a little love.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Get down tonight.When I was bullied at school I found it really helped to write down my feelings in a diary. I would talk about my day and also my feelings about the people who hurt me. Now that I have leaved school I dont need it and even now when I look back I see how much anger and saddness went in there but now im over it and dont need a diary. Try it and I think it might help.
one certainly must be creative to interpret the inner workings of the human mind...noit is not an art.  it is a *practice*.  just like medicine.. . this means that, while it is *based* in science.....much of it has to do with experience, learned-skills and interpretation of findings.It is like human being--they are art, science, they are everything and every disciplineWhen people say something is an art and a science, that means it requires technical skill and some creative skill.. . Psychology is a science because it involves medical diagnosis and treatment of specific illnesses or disorders.  But it is also an art because a psychologist must creatively adapt to their patients and have the flexibility to adapt treatments to unique situations.
I have read more than a few stupid questions, this one is the best.  First prize winner.  Why care?  Breasts are small. medium, large and WOW.. Need any more clarification?well the bra size is measured by the circum. around the front and back under arm pits and the cup is decided by bra company that has but letters to cup sizes a, b, c, d, e ,f which represent smallest, smaller, small, big, bigger, biggest, huge and damn F**ken biggest!We do not choose it, we get it measured.. Any assistant at the Lingerie deparment is able to measure you bra size upon request.The only ones of us who choose bra size do so with the help of a trained plastic surgeon.  To determine bra size, you measure across the breasts and under them.  The under bit determines the number part, and the difference between the two determines the cup size.  I have known scary elderly lingerie store ladies who could determine bra size by looking at a woman, as well as a, um, very interested young man or two, but it probably requires a bit of experience.  They all certainly had it.google. bra size. google is the answerer of all. when in doubt, ask google.I just go to the store and keep trying on different bras until I find one that is comfortable and covers me up. Most of the time the bras are the same size.http://www.jockey.com/brasizer.asp?&CMP=KNC-YJckyBras&HBX_OU=51&HBX_PK=bra%20size&OVRAW=bra%20sizes&OVKEY=bra%20size&OVMTC=standardI haven't figured it out yet....Most of us wear the wrong size. LOLWe go to the department store or lingerie store and get ourselves measured. We certainly do not look in the mirror and guess. Do you not have anything else to do! God blesslets hope when god was handing out brains you were in the breast line. otherwise you have no redeaming qualitiesfirst we look at the picture and then we ...thank god we are smart as our breast size does not matter until we have to cut one off.
For the economy - get rid of the power of the trade unions; open up the housing market to nearly-free working (previously there were rent controls), genrally reduce bureaucracy and make Britain competitive.. . For women inequality -- bug*er all. IMO.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Thatcher#Legacy
cuz they cannot realize it. And the truth of the history told them the utopian idea doesn't work in the reality.. . Powerful Ideological Guarantee and Opinion Support. http://knows.jongo.com/res/article/2907. . The Nature and Guiding Ideology of the Communist Party of China. http://knows.jongo.com/res/article/7432Cuba and North Korea and Libya are still Marxist non-market economies, but all three will transition when the present Great Leader dies or retires.. . China and the USSR abandoned their quest because it is unattainable.Because Hollywood, Big Mac, BigCar, BigGun & all the biggies orchestrated a change in psyche where they thought that BigBrother may not be so bad after all.Communism is an abject failure both in theory and in practice. In the case of China, they eventually figured that out in time to voluntarily switch to a market economy. The USSR wasn't smart enough to figure that out on its own, and so the value-destroying economy went bankrupt and the country collapsed and disappeared.. . Your best example of a surviving Marxist utopia is North Korea, which is officially the Crappiest Country in the World.Because communism is a fantastic idea but only in theory. It doesn't work in practice, people are too greedy and power-hungry.Because in practice it does not work.  North Koreas and cuba.  The cubans want to, the North Koreans are under the fist still.China started moving towards a market economy after the death of Mao Tse-Tung. . . The Chinese government never abandoned their quest for a utopian society; they just realised it would never occur under socialism.
The drink driving/excessive drinking adverts are really impressive.  When a new one comes out, you think it can't get more hard-hitting, until the next one.  They never fail to bring home the devastation caused by drink driving/excessive drinking.  I would take my hat off (if I had one) to the people who take the facts and turn them into an advert which may save at least one person's life - good on them!i love the geico ads with the cavemen... why?  becuase it's creative and very, very funnythink for yourself, the application is meant to find out about you and what you think, not everyone else.Raoul Irn Bru ads. So very funny
Stress, lack of sleep, lack of manpower, high pressure on the job, making constant potential life or death decisions.. . I worked in a subway (trains) control tower in charge of the emergency mechanics and the trains themselves (mechanically).. . The biggest problem when anything is our western tendency to try to fix the blame not the problem.  Japan for example goes the other way fix the problem not the blame.  Leads to much more honest investigationsResearch has shown that where controllers remain ‘in position’ for more than two hours even at low traffic levels, performance can deteriorate rapidly. Many national regulations therefore feature a two-hour limit on time spent controlling without a break, in addition to controls on length of shifts, number of night shifts done consecutively, length of time off required between shifts, etc.
egoWell, the way I understand the connotations of the words, a person can be a respected authority without being elitist, in the sense that being elitist means favoring the elite, their interests or opinions or abilities. A respected authority may give opinions or judgment that equally respects and affirms those who are not in positions of power or prestige. Perhaps that is also the source of the respect that people accord them.
I think that hospitalisation would be appropriate in this case,  especially for the anorexia.Hospitalization is standard for treating anorexia. He could go into electrolye imbalance long before he starves to death.He needs in-patient help. If his parents can't help him (outpatient) then I think it's appropriate for him to be hospitalized so he can see what he's doing to his body. He's only 11 with anorexia, he needs this help.Whatever issue is causing this is still elusive to the Doctor. I'm assuming the patient is making little/no progress in thier current treatment. Under constant supervision, the patient can be observed more closely in a variety of real-life situations, possibly exposing core problems and strengths to be built on.Because once he sees how crazy the people in the hospital are he'll probably straighten up.I don't see how hospitalization is going to develop social skills.. Are you referring to an inpatient hospital for children with mental health issues who would be in a group setting interacting with other children with mental health issues? I would get a second opinion before putting your child in the hospital to develop social skills.  The larger issues, in my opinion, are the anorexia----very serious, and his refusing to go to school. Your child does need help. Why don't you get a 2nd opinion from a good psychiatrist or other mental health professional who is trained to work with children with mental health issues.
Much of Americas stored energy is in its people. . . The answer is to render down thousands of chunky mid Western corn fed fatties so that the fat from their grotesque bodies can be used to power SUVs etc.Someone to build a car engine that gets 200 mpg?http://www.rand.org/pubs/monographs/2005/RAND_MG414.sum.pdf. . We could simply harvest our own oil in the shale reserves in Colorado (note that Bush signed and executive order last year to make this happen).  At our current consumption, that oil would last us about 100 years with no other source of oil.  It would take 5 to 10 years to get that fully online. However, oil is a VASTLY overpriced commodity.  Within a short 1 to 2 years of undercutting the market by increasing domestic supply, the price of oil would crash.  This would allow the US to obtain foriegn oil at the prices we used to get it at before OPEC.  Using domestic sources would effectively break the back of OPEC and keep oil prices permanently low.
I have never seen a white person being racist towards a black person who has a job and lives a normal life. On the contrary. If we see someone really trying hard to better themselve, we will help without being asked. Because white people help those who help themselve. But you have to show us first.. . My experience is that what everyone is calling "racism" is no racism at all. We will threat a white person in the same manner as a black person if that person is making a nuisance of itself.. . Stop asking us to feel sorry for you. Do something for yourself. Get off the street, study and get the best job you possibly can. You won't become a millionnaire, but 70 per cent of white people are not millionnaire either.. . If you think that it is easy just because we are white, you are very wrong. Where do you think all the money comes from to run the world economy and keep everyone alive? It is from white people paying taxes from the day they are born until the day they die. And they get very little in exchange. Because all that taxe money is used to support those who don't pay taxes.I'm not sure but I tell you something else. I'm a white man living in New York City where "white" people are officially a minority. And I tell you that I'm getting Sick of being hassled by the Man!i belive u r right about the reasons of the every day racisim, but u r wrong about who the target is, it is not only afreican americans or hispanics or arabs, IT TARGETS THE POOR, black, white or green, no one like a poor man, and we blame him for it, calling him lazy, ignoring the real reason, we create monsters , then we hang them in prisonsthey are called Police officers and judges.The fact is we are not these bodies.  We are not our race, color, nationality, religion,mind,etc. This is all the bodily concept of life. We are spirit soul part and parcel of the Supreme Soul.  If one wants to be happy then they have to realize who we actually are.  It is only illusion or Maya to think we are these bodies.  IF one wants to be free from this illusion and misery the quickest and easiest way is to chant the Maha Mantra (The Great Mantra for deliverance)  Hare Krishna Hare Krishna Krishna Krishna Hare Hare Hare Rama Hare Rama Rama Rama Hare Hare  for all details go to http://www.stephen-knapp.com/chanting_hare_krishna.htmI think there is a difference between ignorance and being indifferent. And a difference in prejudice and intolerance. I am indifferent of those that blame everyone else for their problems. And I can't tolerate those that WON"T help themselves.It doesn't.  Only a very small minority of white people are racist against black people.I think honestly it depends what part of the countries you are in.lets say you were in arkensas whites are going to probably be MORE rasist than the people in california. besause when there was the big race controversy back in the day that state was All for it -in the south... . lets say  we were in mississippi or louisiana the black are gonig to prolly be MORE rasist down there. b/c thats were blacks mostly lived without all the all the controversy  i mean there was but not as mcuh in the south right???? black lower east  whites were in south it still is that way exept not about the whole race thing . i mean it is but not as bad .. iits not that racism is playing a role in keeping white plle ignorant towrd black plle but  i think it goes both ways..
i am of this opinion; people who are corny are really much smarter and wittier than those who are not or those who prefer to appear cool and "not lame". honestly, people who are corny see the funny side of things, the funny side of making puns, references to other things that are related to the subject at hand. and although you may not be laughing hysterically at that corny joke, it makes you snigger or laugh.. . are you that serious? lighten up.How so?Well met Anna! you said it!!.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~. Peeps,. There are many types of humor;...come on now!. Like;.. dry , sarcastic , slapstick ,crude , and corny!  oh yes,  then there is one more... and it goes under the category of other..            . . Ms.Katebeing corny is a way to break the ice (start a conversation), and can also be used when the atmosphere is heavy (when everyone wants to talk gloom and doom) so the corny conversation lightens the mood.I hate it too!lol..they think they funnySimple. Those are the people who have the desire to be funny, but they just aren't. They just have that desire.Just be gentleSometimes that happens to me. I remember my wife coming home one day... man I was all over her. She just looked at me and said get off me!. . Oh crap,  I thought it said horny........;)if they try to hard to be funny or to be liked.. like my dad does with me and my sisters.. he just sounds corny.Age is the keyThey can't help it. Asking corny, stupid questions, they'll get corny stupid answers.Sweetie, I wish I knew.
just do itI overcome my fears by welcoming them. I Look inside my fears and understand them.By facing them head on. Use all of your will and disipline and just go for it.You can overcome your fears by simply facing the things that you are afraid of.just keep doing whatever your fear is until you dont have any fear. or just give it time.That means you're going to face what you fear the most.. so if you don't like snakes you'll get to touch them and get over while everyhing become normal.F.E.A.R. - Fantasized Experiences Appearing Real. . Fear is all in the mind and we create our own fears, so we always have to be optimistic.I have rid myself of the ego, it is the master of fear, and a sneaky bastard it is. Love dispels it , for it is the opposite of..              I AMI overcome my fears by not having any, be oblivious, and don't worry. Fear of an airplane explosion while in flight you cannot face, why bother.
i'm so sorry about this but i think you will not be pregant. . believe meu did it cuz 1 penis is not enough
Find an aspect of this discipline that you like and focus on that.  and you could find enough motivation to do well because you have to take it to go forward with your comp sci studies.Keep the eye on the prize sweety.My suggestion would not to study something that you don't like.  Why are you going into something you don't like?  If you have to force yourself so much, then maybe it's not for you...  . . But if you are looking for motivation, gather with a group of friends for study sessions.  It helps when you have someone that is pushing you to do it.Unplug yourself from the Internet.  Then you won't have anything to do but study.
I eat Mexican food, I get Gauss.  Simple as that.. . Broccoli, too.....related to physics? then why ask it in the economics section?Gauss developed theorms - for example about the OLS method.  This would be related to economics - which would mean this is the correct section...but you want to know about physics....pick a subject!  Econ and physics aren't the same thing.Ask Google, it can explain these things much better than I can!http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gauss's_law. . This should give you all the info you need
I think it's a matter of whether or not a person reflects on their dreams after waking up. I don't do that, so I don't remember my dreams other than the feeling I had during my dream.i always remember my dreams ... i can usually pick back up on a dream for part two if im awakened... its weird - but i kinda like it...sometimes i remember dreams but only fragments not the whole thing.. I guess it also depends on how important the dream was to you personally,i remember dreams that seem very personal and have some real meaning though you can't determine what it might be. . how should i knowHi Pump,  I have alot of dreams but the one's i remember are the one's that feel real and that i had lived them.Sort of reaching out and touching your dreams. It has to be real to the person dreaming to remember your dreams.. .   Clowmyeveryone remembers it is all stored in your memory banks in the brain like a computer and it is the vivid ones that stick out when you wake up write them down as soon as possible to remember because they are stored very quickly in the archivesSpirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your FREE dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly. Just remember where you posted your question, your dream interpretation will be under the same section.
It depends on whose personality you want to know:. . Your friend : In times when you are in crisis.. . Your enemy : If it had not been revealed he wouldn't be your enemy.. . Yourself : When your friend is in trouble/when your life's in danger.. . Unknown person : The way he reacts to incidents happening around him.I think ones personality is revealed by watching how one reacts to situations good and bad. It is too complex to leave up to first impressionsIn many ways, moods, and surroundings. Example: Look at yourself in the mirror. You will either, like how you look in that particular outfit and makeup, or you will think it looks awful!!. Standing in line, brings out "the b**b" in a lot of people, you can see this on a daily basis, as well....
Childhood memories play a big part in the adults we become, if some one is damaged as a child, and their memories are bad of course it has an adverse effect on them as an adult, their personality may be abnormal, or they can have an A typical behavior.....childhood should be the best time for any child...it determines what kind of adult we become.Studies show that it's not what actually happened to a child that affects them but what they THINK happened, even if it's not true.  Otherwise, I think nature and nurture are both 50/50 in shaping someone's personality.  How to overcome it I think lies mostly in nature, genetics. Especially the older you get, the more it is up to you.  Also, your personality is pretty much the same one you'll have the rest of your life at age 16 (this is a fact).  But that's a good question, I think mostly it lies in nature, whether one has any mental illnesses, and how capable one is to overcome things.There can not be an answer.  Once something is broken it may not be fixed at all.wen u complete 10 yrs of ur age 90% of yr life attitude us determined....  wen ur entering coll or becoming a graduate u gain maturity to be more positive in all acts(90%). . to overcome adv effects read good books and try to forget the past.......it is very important and you learn to live with the bad memories as well as the good
you will have to get a 60 credit masters degree in counseling,sit for a certification and licensure and have 3000 post graduate hours!!!noU would need to get a bachelors in social work or psychology and then get a masters. then test.
they are all LEARNED behaviors so the attributes you have do not affect the behaviors themselves but attributes MAY affect actually learning themEmotion, Perception, Logic and Language are personal attributes, and influence each other.  We are a sum of our experience and biology.  If the mind is an “imagination machine” of sorts then what you can imagine may be true to a degree.  Science is knowing the difference between thought or imagined behavior vs. actual hardwired behaviors.. . Most of the failings in psychology confuse what is imagined with hardwired behavior.I think to a great extentThey're interrelated. All of personal attribute contribute to the development of the latter four, but the four is the ways of knowing, which in the end, will greatly influence personal development and attribute. It'a a back to square one thing.
One in which industrial actions have not been demonstrated or used.THE EARLIEST SOCIETIES: HUNTERS AND GATHERERS. for all but a tiny part of our existence on this planet, human beings have lived in hunting and gathering societies, small  groups  or tribes often numbering no more than thirty or forty people. hunters and gatherers gain their livelihood from hunting,fishing and gathering edible plants growing in the wild. these cultures  continue to exist in some parts of the world, such as in a few arid parts of Africa and the jungles of Brazil, and New Guinea.......... PASTORAL AND AGRARIAN SOCIETIES. . Pastoral societies: Depending on the environment in which they live, pastoralist  rear and herd animals such as cattle, sheep, goats, camels, or horses. many pastorial societies still exist in the modern world, such as Africa..... . Agrarian societies:Agrarian societies seem to have originated at about the same date as pastoral ones. At some point, hunting and gathering groups  began to sow their own crops  rather than simply  collect those growing in the wild. this practice first developed as what is usually called "horticulture", in which small gardens are cultivated by the use of simple hoes  or digging instruments....A preindustrial society is a society that is based soley on agriculture, and not technology.It usually is used in the social sciences to mean a society that has not mechanized its agriculture.  (Any other industry usually comes after that.)Before 1840...before the Industrial Revolution.
Capitalism is an economic system in which the means of production are mostly privately owned, and capital is invested in the production, distribution and other trade of goods and services, for profit in a competitive hypothetical free market. These include factors of production such as land and other natural resources, labor and capital goods. Various theories have tried to explain what capitalism is, to justify, or critique the private ownership of capital, and to explain the operation of markets and guide the application or elimination of government regulation of property and markets. However, this can be controversial because there are and have been forms of capitalism which use some state ownership such as Keynesianism, New Deal, and forms of Social Democracy. Some would not agree that such systems constitute a "free market" but are arguably capitalistic in nature.Capitalism is a form of state based upon free commerce. The government allows companies to do business in their own way and leaves the companies alone.. . The expectation is that the companies will do the right thing and protect the environment while building their businesses. Companies are also expected to pay employees fairly and properly so that families can survive on those incomes. Of course, we know that companies are not that responsible in the real world.. . If you read Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations you will learn all about Capitalism.. . Take care,. TroyCapitalism is an economic theory that allows a person to sell his or her possessions to anyone he or she chooses.  Capitalism touts freedom of competition, (anyone can sell anything at the price they chose, regardless of who's selling it) the right to keep ones own profits, instead of giving them to the government, and the right to own personal property.. . Clinton Cards, and Tesco are defiantly capitalist. They both make profit (capital) and trade with whoever they want freely.  Britain on the whole is Capitalist. . . The alternatives to Capitalism are Socialism, where the government owns commodities and the citizens own the government, and Communism, which is similar.  Socialism is more directly democratic than Communism, but Communism is based on the principle that the best person for the job gets the job, and therefore, democracy is kind of irrelevant.  In both Communist and Socialist states, capital (property and money) belong to the government, and trade is regulated.  Socialism is less intense than communism, and as a result things like medical care can be socialized, the government owns it, there is no corporate profit to be made, and the citizens pay into it and get care for free.thats the oppiste of communism communism badCapitalism is a society based on private ownership, competition and allowing market forces to determine prices and output quantities. It defines itself in contrast to the 20th century system of the Soviet Block and other state-owned industry based societies (and sometimes in contrast to feudalism). So it is also based on the idea of a labour market, where people are free to choose who to employ and where to seek work.. .   The owner of each and every company, and the owner of any piece of land, is a capitalist - he or she decides what to do with their property, based on current market prices and various projections on how to get the most return on your investment.. .   Capitalist societies rely on competition to ensure that goods stay cheap for the consumer. Monopolies and cartels are therefore to be avoided.. .    The main criticisms of capitalist societies are that they can sometimes leave unscrupulous (or oversized) companies to do things that a good system of laws and enforcement through the regulators could have prevented; and that it benefits the rich most (who can make a living off owning companies and company shares), while making employees accept that they are only entitled to a restricted share of the revenues (and no share of the profit).An economic system in which the means of production and distribution are privately or corporately owned and development is proportionate to the accumulation and reinvestment of profits gained in a free market. . . . thats capitalismCapitalism is one of the greatest evils in the world. It is a system of economy in which capital is privately owned. The bourgeoisie control the means of production and distribution with little or no government interference. IT leads to the bourgeoisie being in tyrannical control and the proletariat being trapped in wage slavery.I have two apples, you have none.  You want one of my apples, so I sell you one of them.  That is capitalism.. . Anyone who has what someone else wants and is willing to sell it to make a profit is a capitalist.it is an economic system which makes a private company to produce goods/services in exchange of profits.It is all about buying and selling. Supply and demand. You buy something for £1.00. your friend gives you £2.00. for it. Your friend has what they want. You have made a £.1.00.you are happy. Thats` capitalism. Yes, Clinton Cards and Tesco are capitalists.
Thank your lucky stars that its juz pigs and nothing more.. I dreamt i threw a stone to my enemy. I woke up to realise I threw my cellphone against the wall. I rather dream about pigs...Pig . . To see a pig in your dream, symbolizes dirtiness, greediness, stubbornness or selfishness.  The pig may also represent opulence and overindulgence. . . . . ***********************************. . . Dream symbol: pig. . Interpretation:. Unacknowledged intelligence. Greed. Over-indulgence, pigging out. Something that is difficult or unpleasant. Someone who is uncivilized or behaves in an uncouth manner. Someone who is obstinate or mean, piggish. Something that is in a poor state, squalor, a pig sty. Being stupidly stubborn, pig-headed. A piggy bank may represent your savings or a need to put money away. Being helped or supported others, a piggy back. Within some cultures and religions, pigs symbolize impurity. Slang for policeYour Dream: I was forced to watch my mother slaughter a pig. I was searching for my cat on a farm with a lot of pigs on it..  . Words like watch: Time. Limitation. Ready to discover what emotional field surrounds you.. . Words like mother: Approval or disapproval. From what do you need to feel nourish and protected?. . Words like searching: Exploration. Looking for recognition of desires or wants.. . Words like cat: A feminine aspect. Cats attacking you represent the enemies; if you succeed banishing them you will overcome great obstacles and rise in fortune and fame.. . Words like pigs: Greedy but smart. Dreaming about them, denotes reasonable success in affairs. Prosperity to come..  . i got this from www.freakydreams.comI really shouldn't bother, you haven't given enough information. How did you feel towards these pigs? . You said you were Forced so I guess you didn't like watching, What about your Mom, was She upset happy angry, cold, How about in real life? Was it necessary?  Was it a favor, a punishment? Did you like the Pig? Were you grateful, sad, angry, Afraid?.  Answer these questions and you may find your own answer!.  Maybe ..... You see that your Mom is showing you how to deal with life (pigs?) (right or wrong) (you resist learning from her) (right or wrong) Altho.... you have no choice. You Must See Her! Life is full of things that are scary, but if we see them for what they are & learn how to deal with them, we can cope!  God Bless youMaybe something unbelievable may happen in your life, being as you never seen one.  Or you are going to have a wonderful Pork roast for dinner. Or you'll hit the lottery..   " When pigs fly "Spirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your FREE dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly. Just remember where you posted your question, your dream interpretation will be under the same section.
It's interesting you ask that because my grandmother has an old rocker she found during the Jamestown flood.. Jamestown (a.k.a. Jamestown Island) was founded in 1620 on a the James River in what is currently James City County, Virginia, about 40 miles inland from the Atlantic Ocean and the entrance to the Chesapeake Bay and about 45 miles (70 kilometers) downstream and southeast of Richmond, Virginia. Both the James River and the new settlement were named for King James I of England, who granted the private proprietorship to the Virginia Company. That company's Virginia Colony, which was first established at Jamestown, was the first permanent English colony in what is now the United States to survive. It followed the failure of 18 earlier attempts including the Lost Colony of Roanoke Island to the south in what is now North Carolina.See websitesFirst settlement, Jamestown, VA. Jamestown Settlement is a name sometimes used to describe the first permanent English settlement in North America established at Jamestown in the Virginia Colony in 1607. Jamestown was also the site of the first German and Polish settlers who arrived in 1608.
red hair is not a product of enviroment, but rather a genetic trait that you inherit from your parents.  People with red hair are coded with two resessive genes, because blond black and brown hair are products of dominate genes, so you would have to be coded for red hair from both your parents to get it.  But to answer your question, no it's not a product of climate and didn't originate anywhere, just as black skin or having noses didn't originate anywhere.A can of red paint ?copperAll human hair is red!  It just comes in different shades.The Ginger Gene hypothesis states that red hair and fair skin evolved over 100 thousand years ago (based on genetic evidence) but modern humans had not moved out of Africa by that time.  This would mean that the trait would have either be carried over by the people migrating out of Africa (in which case all races would have some people with red hair), or it means that there were a different group living outside of Africa who contributed to the genetic makeup of northern Europeans.  This hypothesis states that it is possible Neandertals developed in this region, and then intermixed with the populations coming out of Africa.I am not certain..... Nimrod...Despot king in Mesopotamia had red hair.... Red hair is most common out of northern european heritage.... It apparently came as a result of cold climate and low sunlight. however Mosopotamia certainly does not fit that description...
I don't know, i am trying to figure out why i be on yahoo answers so much too?I'm a Level 7, I wasted way more time here than you.. . You have to learn how to click the "x" button in the right hand corner...as hard as it is...shut the PC off and go to bed.....Go out with Friends or do something for the community.You probably should consider substituting another activity...like talking on the phone, or writing (by hand), letters to friends.  Sounds corny, but it keeps you occupied, and your friends will love it, especially with the holidays coming up.find a hobby to doI think it's a sense of social interaction. And when u answer a question and make someone's day, you feel good and you want more of that feeling.I think it's the sense of helping someone in need. We all want to do good deeds and this is a simple way of doing them. I wouldn't worry about it unless it starts to interfere with your daily activitiesI have read (here on Answers) that if you stay away for a month or so, then you will be deleted. I don't know if that is true or not. Anyway, like you, when I reached Level 6 I will bid Yahoo! Answers adieu. After answering thousands of questions I am becoming less and less addictive.take a break go watch TV. then come back. just look at this way wer'e not going anywhere.Me too! I just recently found a trivia thing online to keep my mind off answers, lolI'm addicted and its my first day lol. I wouldn't worry about it unless it starts interfering with your actual life. For example, you can't go watch a movie with your boyfriend because someone may have a question for you.. . I think its a perfect use of free time, you learn something and also help someone in the process.set yourself a target - if i only log on for two hours, i get a treat. . then make it longer. . eventually, you won't need it at all.I've become a yahoo junky myself-- last night I went on just to check my mail- around 12 it was 4 am when I went to bed--- are we being brainwashed while we are online?  I cant go a night without getting online------it's definitely addictive............help..........we need yahoo answers anonymous, or known as YAA!You gotta go cold turkey. Just walk away.I know what u mean but I don"t have a solution..How about we log off together...1, 2, 3!!!
No, arabians r better tinkers den americans.  Der use to be so meny smart peepol in my country during time of USSR.  USSR wast smartest country in world dis tyme.  Amerika wast also smarter den, but now ist spoilt country.Americans as a group tend to be more practical, if not pragmatic. Though I would suggest critical thinking by americans appears to be a dying skillset. . Americans seem to find following the herd simpler and require less mental processing of any type.critical thinking means using logic, not such emotions as religious or social-identity feelings. different people indeed use these things differently.
It could be that the thoughts are swirling and making you unable to concentrate on being able to express them. Isn't it ironic that just when you have the most to say, you're unable to do it!because you can't decide what to say first, right? it's not a confidence issue, it's one of thinking that you must get it right the first time. just say anything and then edit and add to it and reprioritize as you go along. the person might misunderstand at first but then if you keep talking until it has all been explained.it's either you think too high of that person then you become so nervous that your nerves are shocked and there is not much you can doyeah like she said lack of confidence.Believe in yourself.Shy, lack of self confidence, scared, don't speak their language. A multitude of reasonsrather than trying to remember all of the things you want to say all at once...  start a conversation with something easy to talk about....  then, once you've gotten started, and the person is listening, and responding... you can build on that and move on to more important topics.... . Also, don't try to do this all in 1 conversation...  build trust first.Don't knowYou need to mull over the problem in your idea and you need to put it to words.   Tell the person to wait and if it is your mate the core of your problem will work itself out in the conversation.. You feel like Lassie.   You need to bark about Timmy being down the well.   It will spit out eventurally.   So silence of now is OK  O you do not want it to be known that you are a blabber mouth or gossip so silence before some people are good.probably becuase u are hesitant and scared to wat the person might think of your talks, if the person will support you or not, you also probably dont know how to begin the talks or from where to begin them.
the conscious "YOU" is not a "part" that could be replaced. "You" are not your arm or leg , or any other physical part. As long as "you" are capable of or marked by thought, will, design, or perception, then "you" will be "you".I would say that when you lose your own thought process, or when you could only answer a question when the answer is pre-programed.. Scientists have been able to copy or replace virtually every organ in the body with the exception of the nervous system (including the brain) in fact they still have trouble explaining how the brain works.I'm pink therefore I'm spamI would say as long as your spirit and soul is there your still you . . Thats if i understood the question properly, sorry if i didnt xOnly if they took ur brain away. cos a heart transplant dose't change u, or artificial limbs, so i guess so.no ofcourse not and it will stop being me as soon as they replace it cuz deep deep down its not really me like if there are two twins and they look exactly alike and act alike are they the same no there are at least a minimum of 20 things that are diffrent in the two same thing hereYour brain controls everything  from your personality to the way you walk, talk and your mannerisms. So changing your brain or parts of it is when you'll change from being 'you'I suppose if they took your brain away.First person singular. . When my brain goes outIf you cut of a limb?When you become an android.as long as youve still got the same brain it would still be you."I" doesn't just suddenly disappear, if you are replacing every bit of your body then "I" is getting smaller and smaller until the last piece is replaced and "I" is all gone. For example, if I replace my arm only then I am nearly "I" but not completely!. Thanks for this question, it got me thinking.What you are is not the physical body,it is the mind .Mind or brain cannot be replaced.I is what is the mind says.It is perhaps linked with ego.it would be the new you"I think therefore I am." concluded Rene Descartes.  The moment I stop thinking (of my own volition), that is when I cease to be myself.At the point of decision failure.When mind or personality, or if you prefer "soul'' if not all three is altered, Prolly take a brain transplant.. CJWasn't there a film about a robot with a human mind?
Unemployment was kind of a mystery for economists for a long time.  Taken at its basics, it represents unused resources.  Basic economic models have trouble with those.. . An unemployed person is like an unused building or disconnected machine.  It can do things of value, so why hasn't someone come along and got it working?. . The best we can do is this:. . There are three types of unemployment, frictional, structural, and cyclical.. . Frictional unemployment represents people who are looking for a job that is out there somewhere, but the person hasn't found it yet.  There is a match waiting to happen.. . Structural unemployment is made up of people who need a job, but are not qualified for the jobs out there.  There are jobs, and people, but they don't match.. . Cyclical unemployment is related to the business cycle (recessions, expansions, etc).  High unemployment in recessions is the product of cyclical unemployment.. . Of these, frictional and structural make up the "natural rate of unemployment"  They are a product of a growing economy.  Without some of that, our economy couldn't change and grow as technology advances.  Autoworkers are replaced by robots, but are not trained to be programmers.  Sucks for them, but necessary for a continually growing economy.  . . Cyclical unemployment can be controled or ameilorated by evening out the business cycle.  We've done a pretty great job of that.. . Another interpretation of all the above argues that there is a natural rate of unemployment unrealted to jobs changing etc.  People who don't like to work will quit if life without a job is good enough.  The better life you can have without a job, the more people will skip having one.  That is used to explain why American rates of unemployment in our worst time would be an incredibly strong job market for most European economies.  Its easier to live without a job there.Unemployment refers to people who want to work but can not find a job. The society loses the production that would have been provided by the unemployed workers. If a large percent of the population is unemployed it can cause social unrest.
make sure you account for BOTH nature and nurture.  it is no longer a debate about which causes personality, but how they both contribute to personality.Some people are just born bad.... . Great leaders are born for the task.... . DNA is destiny..... . The tools we are dealt for life come to us at birth.
It means you wear your heart on your sleeve and let everyone see it. Things effect you deeply and you don't hide it!Maybe they beleive you are because of what you do in your daily life. But really being emotionally is special...you feel what some dont and you make that feeling your goal, your life and your responsibility. . You should try to be something that needs people or arts it would really help. . . But its no good to be over emotional like crying everytime someone mentioned your ex- its too pathetic. . . maybe you also always show off your emotion to people, that is great with the poeple you know and trust but to strangers its awfully dangerous.You probably over-react to certain situations, like do you cry a lot or get unreasonably angry or scared?. Sometimes people find it hard to coddle you and be careful about what they say or do to you because they do not want to have to deal with your extreme reactions.i have the same problem its like when your watching a film and its a sad film but not that sad and you cry, or you over react to something which is really miner, its okay to be emotional i am fine with it.when something so small that makes you cry or problems in your life practicaly any that will make you emotional.Usually an emotional person is sensitive and respond openly to something such as the American flag, patriotism, a sad movie, or a reaction to what someone has said to them. They may anger quickly over minor things. They wear their heart on their sleeve and let their feelings surface easily. They tend to hold grudges longer and find it difficult to forgive someone that has hurt them.
Layoffs, few employees.  Certain costs fixed.they say that cuts down on airfare, but it also puts people out of work. i don't see how this good for anybody , but the big shots.  the rich gets richer and the ti cal down effect bare beneficial 2 the average person. so my conclusion it harms the economy.Mergers almost never work.  The two soon go out of business and their assets all get sold to a new conglomerate of investors for another short lived run.They can both use the same reservation system software (very expensive to build and maintain).  They can increase their leverage on suppliers when buying everything from food to new airplanes.So jobs will be cut because of two different airline's same department merge into one, cut some of the overlap flights, and improve efficiency using both airline's resource. Like recently Cathay Pacific merge with Dragonair. Cathay can use Dragonair's large Chinese network to feed into Cathay's international network to fill more of the seats into both airline because of the more convenience and create competitive price in the region. Also more profitable routes will be open because of the big Chinese market and using each other's network to feed passengers in.
Usually in the rain we have a coat on, etc.  I use an umbrella to keep the rain off my head and from getting my hair soaked, not to mention making my makeup run down my face.. . Excuse me, but kind of a silly question.sometimes it's raining so badly that i can't see where i'm walking unless i cover my head (or my eyes at least), and it get cold if my shoulders get wet, so covering your head just sort of covers both your eyes and shoulders! sometimes i do just run out and get wet like a kid having fun in the rain, and that is a lot of fun, but other times i dont like going thru the rest of the day with wet clothes.well personally i would cover my head to protect my eyes keep water from dripping in my face .. its hard to see when you have rain drops pelting you in  the face!i have two theories...1....the rain will get in your eyes, making it difficult to see...and 2, we females just got our hair done and want to attract the male species by looking our best...(even the female gorillas want to look good for their mates)Same as missourim,  the head is where most of your body heat escapes from, so if it gets wet you will feel chilled more easily than elsewhere.it actually is just a involuntary mental reaction, . just as one pulls up his legs when sitting in a chair and a bucket of water is splashed on the floor., in the same way we tend to cover our heads when we are in rain, and the same principle applies to apes also.I think it does make sense for several reasons:. 1.  the greatest amount of heat is lost through the scalp;. 2.  water runs down the hair onto the neck, into the eves, nose, ears - thus interfering with our primal methods of communication;. 3.  hair on the back of the neck and upper back is small and very sensitive to changes in temperature and rain is uncomfortable here because such sensations cause a primal need for shelter to come to the forefront of our territorial and comfort needs.Primal instinct,ever watch gorillas during a rainstorm on the discovery channel?Covering their heads with leaves,they look pretty stupid ,I bet our umbrellas look stupid to them too.......because...most would have the notion that rain falls vertically and would hit the head first. If we cover the head then the droplets won't hit what's below the head. well, most of it. i guess that's the reasoning behind covering one's head. I mean, if you covered your feet, the parts above the feet would get wet, right?keep it out of the eyes. . also makes a mess of hair that is usually styledIt is to protect your VISION! Rain in the eyes can blur vision, and as a instinct going back to the apes, what you can't see can eat you!To prevent hypothermia. Uncovered and particularly wet heads loose an inordinate amount of body heat compared to the rest of the body. It's a survival instinct.Human recognise the head as the most important part of the body where brain, hear, smell, vision, taste, etc., reside. Therefore, first safety reaction is to save the head and that why we always cover our head in the rain! We dont do that if we accept the rain as non threat, just walk in the rain and having fun. Nevertheless, what ape does is something to ponder on - who follow who?
Throw away that word can't and keep eggin yourself....... you can you want to you will.lolBehaviour can be described as circular, you will in you life have formed heuristics (rules to behave) to help you deal with your life. Sometimes the pattern of behaviour is counter productive and is very hard to break.. . We rely heavily on our past, if you have encountered trouble before doing the things you are having trouble doing now and had negative comments about it then this will directly affect your ability to do things now. . . The barriers of ‘I can’t do something’ are self imposed. There is no other reason you can’t do something other than you don’t believe you can. This is known as self-efficacy, you believe you will behave a certain way, so you do. . . One way you can try and break this is to forget what has happened previously, you past what people have said. The past is not important when you do things, just because it so thing happened like that before doesn’t mean it always will.. . Try to realise the that the only thing that holds you back is you, every pattern of behaviour can be broken. Try to make the things you do fun. Hope that helps ?Is it because you can?probably cos you can't be bothered. set yourself small achievable, short-term goals such as, "by the end of the week, i'm going to have been to the swimming pool once", or whatever it is. if you make a vague unspecific goal with no time - limit, then it's more difficult to stick to anythingYou obviously have low self esteem, whoever continually criticised you when you were young, was very unkind and did a lot of damage to you. As far as weight loss is concerned, that is easy, go to weight-watchers because they give you the support and encouragement you need. Course work is different because it does usually have to be done alone. Talk to your tutor, tell them exactly what you have said here, this way he/she will know that you need to have extra encouragement until you get more confidence, if you don`t tell them they will not know about the problem.Try to keep telling yourself that you are able to do this work and with ease and that you will get good marks. If you think you will fail you usually do.So if you really think this then start pretending! Pretend you can do it, pretend you have bags of confidence and before you can shout" I am slim and beautiful and clever" you really will be!! Don`t give up,get help. Good Luck to you.Don't give up. . . You can lose weight, real easy, by eating six small meals a day. . It keeps your blood sugar even, and keeps you from craving junk food : ). . Keep snack bars and maybe slim fast? or juice/water around( for a quick meal, when your on the go ), your biggest meal of the day should be in the morning. . Drink water, number 1 cause of day time fatigue is lack a water, your body only absorbs 6-8 oz every 15 min, so you don't have to drink it all at once. (I try to drink 4 (16oz) water bottles a day). . This diet should help you concentrate on your course work, because your body will be feeling better : )Its all about self belief. If you set yourself up to fail before you've even started you've got no chance. I think you need to draw a line under all the critcism you received growing up. Only you know what you're really like. I believe from reading what you've written underneath it all you really do feel that you have the ability to achieve what you want. You must believe in yourself. Think positive, these things are not easy but they can be done if you are determined enough. You can do it.Positive influences and role models. Self confidence. Faith.. . Positive influences: Someone you love who believes in you can inspire you to do something you wouldn't otherwise attempt. Support can carry you through hard times.. Self confidence: With one small victory comes the prospect of another. If you start to believe in yourself, if you start succeeding, then you have it in you to go another step. I was failing maths at the start of the year, semester average of 48%. I got a tutor, and although he didn't teach all that much, he made me understand what I already knew, and my next test was somewhere in the 70's. That shot my confidence, and I've been improving ever since. I'm looking forward to the finals.. Faith: If you believe, despite whatever reason there is not to believe, that you can do it, the fact of the matter is that there is a chance you can. If you give up hope, you give up success. At least believe in the possibility, and know you can do it deep down, and your body will respond to your mental attitude and you will succeed.. . I also suggest a good mantra. A mantra is a phrase or saying that you chant to yourself every now and then, even in your head, so you can believe it. Just think of something inspirational- even as simple as the "I can do it" train.. . If it counts for anything, I know that you have it in you to be who you want to be. You just have to decide who that is, and go for it with all your heart.Hey, guess what? You're half way there! You know you keep saying 'I can't do this - I can't do that etc' So change the way you act upon this attitude. The next thing you find yourself saying ' I can't...' to, go ahead and do it! Get yourself a good friend who you can be accountable to and who will encourage you and go ahead and do it! Don't be put off by pass failures because each new event is a new start completely unrelated to previous attempts. If you're not feeling confident then start off with little tasks such as cooking a new dish for you and a friend or learning how to master a game,  or something. However, lots of things in life require perseverence so stick with your tasks and be confident in what you do. You can do more than you think if you put your mind to it! Best wishes xoactually u have no confidence and u dont want to do them by heart . u should do yoga and concentration exercises .. believe in me i have solved a lot of such cases .. if u feel need of me just email me at. sam_citymax@rediffmail.comI have no idea...there's no such word!instead of can't just say i can, that's all why all the way to Yahoo questions?Because you were critisised so much as a child this has made you a very negative person with little self worth. Sadly, only you can really change the way you are, you need to tell yourself every day, I CAN, I WILL and I AM GOING TO SUCCEED. I believe that you can do it, have faith in yourself. I wish you all the best wishes possible.
Life is what you make of it. We're all here for a reason, but that reason is different for every single one of us. The purpose of us living is to fulfill the above, to find out the reason we're here and achieve the goal in satisfying ourselves that we've found out that reason and completed it.The meaning of life is to live it and find out.LIFE IS SUPPOSED TO HAVE MEANING???. . CRAP!!!. . Why didn't some one tell me sooner????. .  Actually, those things you want to know only you can find.  Every ones view point is different.It depends on the person..... to me the meaning of life is love,faith,honor,  spirituality, and finding my inner being. For you could be different.I think the meaning of life is trying to find the meaning of life through your own eyes.a believe and fight for it!the meaning of life is "period of time that something is alive."  Life is a name for complex structures that can reproduce themselves. There is no point to life; it is simply a by-product of the gradual running down of the universe according to the physical laws.  We live because our parents reproduced.. . Personally I suggest trying to look at this situation as a blessing.  At least we have a clean slate with which to work.  Make your own reasons for being here.Life needs no meaning.  It just is.  Find a nice comfortable spot to sit and watch the scenery go by.Why is that you need to know it, don't tell me you are going to stop death..uhh  Life has no meaning, is only reproduction to keep the species, birth, aging and death that is the cycle, and when life stops it's all over, there is no beyond, no tomorrow no heavens, ho hell, no nothing..Materialistic eh?, that's the crude reality of life as we know it..?Why does there have to be one ? Do your best, take care of the ones you love & enjoy yourself along the way: its no more complicated than that, really. As people, we yearn for something greater to give meaning to what happens to us but we just have to understand that we cannot control everything that affects us.the meaning of ones life would vary from person to persontheres is no meaning to life, lifes for the living and its what you make of it as a person that defines the meaning of life.click these links to know the detail meaning... . . http://www.squidoo.com/life_meaning/. http://meanoflife.blogspot.com/the meaning of life is to wait for death and the meaning of death is to start another life.
why is this question in the sociology forumI don't know but I float in saltwater (in the ocean).1.) the egg has a lot of fat in it . 2). There is a teensy bit of air in the shell. 3.) the salt content displaces the egg.. . (like is the Great Salt Lake in utah, there is so much salt that a grown person can float)Either the egg is bad or the the increased density of the salt-water combination is greater than the density of the eggfrom the scientific point of view. . the egg takes up the space of the water, while having a lower overall density, ergo it floats on topSalt water weighs more than fresh water and there is no salt in eggs and eggs are mostly water.Salt water is more buoyant than regular water and therefore allows things to float much easier.
Any legal system based on superstitious origins that imposes horrific disabilities on half the population and presumes to dictate what and when people may eat is not one that can ever be acceptable to any human who is self respecting and regards freedom as more important that obeying the dictates of a pack of lunatics.  Shariah has incredibly primitive attitudes--chop off body parts as punishment, punish blasphemy (if your frigging god is so powerful, let it punish it's own blasphemy, not depend on humans to do it),, and impose itself on people who darn well don't want it.You have to move back to where you came from or adapt to the new world.You can't.  The law must apply equally and identically to all people.  Few non-Muslims would tolerate shariah; it is certain that I would not.Muslim law in Muslim country.You implement not nothing here pal ! In Rome as the Romans do, if you get my hint.Figure out how to brain-wash an entire country. Good luck with that!!You'd have to find a way to subjegate the non-Muslims into accepting a theocracy.Some sort of easily identifiable national ID system of some sort where the law is based on the cultural law you were born into, perhaps?. . Also allowing the individual the freedom at some determined age to declare a one time cultural shift in laws to fulfill the need of individual to change their culture and faith... . Not sure if any of this would work, but at least it's an option to debate and possibly improve upon.Is not it like asking to have a different law for different groups like  Christians and Buddhists and atheists  etc... in my book the law should be the same for everyone therefore it should be free of any religious concept since it is a set of rules that police a multicultural society.
Not true for everyone.  Most people grow out of this.  I am who I am but it has taken years for me to feel this way.We all conform to certain social expectations based on the situation we are in and the people we are with.  And we reveal different aspects of ourselves depending on our comfort levels.  But most people develop a core sense of themselves that they remain true to, no matter who, what or where.Its because you know certain people expect you to act or be a certain way and people in general are self concious. They don't want to be dejected in any way, so you act which way you think will protect you best to your environment.It's how we bond with people. And most of us are afraid to be 100% ourselves with everyone all the time. Can you imagine what people would think if you acted in say, church, how you act when you are goofing around with your friends. It sucks but it is what it is.Every body is different, and you can't communicate with every the same way you communicate with your friends. That's like you communicating with your friends the way you communicate with your dog. That's stupied. Sorry to use that word. So, what I am saying is, we communicate differently because every body is different.For protection.  The others are role-playing also.  Don't be a fool because of idealism; people have to earn the right to be taken seriously.  Giving them the benefit of the doubt is for suckers.
You just leave out information.  Don't lie about it just talk about whatever situation and leave out certain details so it won't exactly be lying but it won't be telling the whole truth either. Now if they ask you specifically about the details you left out then you either lie or tell the truth...no getting out of that one.If you hate it. Stop it. Its so easy. You have the power within yourself to stop anything. You just have to reach inside of yourself and use it. Its there!!!.                              Take care.Logically, you cannot! If you leave anything out, then it isn't the "whole truth". Maybe that will work for you, but it sounds like you need to come clean. I tend to do what you're talking about sometimes (I don't even know why!), but I know it bugs me and I always feel better after telling the truth. Also, the reaction of people I care about is almost NEVER as bad as I thought it'd be.you don't need help - you already know the answer.I do it all the time.  I don't volunteer information and leave out key elements that may get me in trouble.  Don't feel bad about it, everyone does it.  But don't lie to cover up the gaps.The unfortunate thing about this is that it 'has' to be one or the other. You're either lying or telling the truth. I guess you could 'omit' some of the truth if it helps your cause at that moment, but usually, it'd have to be one or the other.think twice and think about the persons feelingsWell, you are lying if you only tell part of it aren't you? If you do things that are that bad, best to start changing and do what you are not afraid to admit. That is integrity and it is necessary to become a mature, functioning adult.From what i gather, you don't feel comfortable lying to someone, even though sometimes you're put in the situation of having to 'cover' a part of the truth.. . There are two sides of the situation you're describing:. . 1. Lying to people is "acceptable" if the part you "omit" would cause unnecessary pain. If that is the case, you simply don't speak of that situation/issue, as if it never even existed. You shouldn't use this option unless it's something the other person should really, really, not know.. . 2. Telling someone you can't tell them the whole truth, may be done not for the protection of that person, but to reveal to them that you hold a great secret you can't tell, in the attempt of making them jealous or for them to inquire further until you give in. This second option might not be the answer you were looking for, and even though it may not be your case, it is a viable probability in the every-day life.
They will talk through your problems and try to help you come up with a solution.. . They are a listening ear, they won't judge you or laugh at you. They will help you find yourself and help you to find your own solutions, they will not impose anything on you.. . I  hope it goes well for you.In my state, a counselor is defined by STATUTE.  It's a very nebulous term.  There need to be standards and protocols enacted by your state before you can call someone a counselor.  The same is true for the term "therapist."  Please consult your state's statutes.  You should be able to find all fifty states' statutes on www.findlaw.com  . . My state has several different types of counselors or therapists but the only ones that need to be licensed, I believe, are (1) vocational therapists/counselors, (2) drug therapists/counselors, or (3) marriage therapists/counselors.. . You need to check your state-specific rules; for you question, Yahoo! Answers is not detailed and comprehensive enough.a counselor is someone that helps you deal with you with your problems, aka u tell them ur shit and they analyize itCounselors have many functions. They are licensed by the state in which they work after getting at least a master's degree in college.. . A counselor will first ask you questions about your background and current situation and then listen to you talk about what's on your mind. Sometimes he'll offer suggestions on what you can do to deal with your problems. Sometimes he might offer a different perspective, say, from the point of view of a person you might be having trouble with. At other times he might act as a coach and try to build up your confidence or motivation to reach a goal (such as asking someone out on a date, applying for a job, speaking up to someone who bullies you). Other times he may just be your personal cheerleader.. . Sometime a counselor will challenge you by playing devil's advocate.. . Counseling will not work if you don't like the counselor's methods. Some counselors act as though they think they are God and are always right. (You want to avoid these guys.) Others are more empathetic and personable and engage in give-and-take with clients, treating clients as equals while merely providing a different take on things.. . You may need to see several counselors before finding the one you're most comfortable with. Respectable counselors won't take it personally if you decide they aren't a good fit for you; they should be willing to refer you to other counselors upon request.There are all kinds of people who can provide counselling. If you belong to a church/mosque/synagogue/temple they usually have trained people who can help you through difficult times at minimal costs. Then there are therapists, who are post grad training in counselling, social workers, who have social works degrees, psychologists, who usually have PhD in psychology, and also psychotherapists and psychiatrists, who are Medical Doctors.anyone that responds to you on this internet sight.A counselor is someone who is not a doctor but has special training in talking to people and helping them with their problems. Your school guidance counselor is one type of counselor. Many social workers are counselors. A priest or rabbi can be a spiritual counselor. There are even counselors who just help people find out what they'd be good at for a career. . . When you have personal problems, trouble at home, or are feeling bad and need to talk to someone, you most likely would want to see a social worker. Social workers who counsel are usually called counselors or therapists. Again, they are not doctors, but they know how to talk to people who have issues and suggest ways to resolve them. They may refer you to a doctor if they feel you need extra help to resolve your problems. They will have the letters CSW or MSW after their names.A counselor is a person who has been to school (do not see anyone who has not) to learn about mental, emotional, stressful situations and events and learned how to handle them and how to teach you to handle things.Just a person who you might need to talk with when things do not feel right. They are there for you, they can not tell anyone what you tell them unless you are going to hurt yourself or another person and sometimes they must speak in court when there is a case, this is unusual.  They listen, they talked, they offer advise, give homework sometimes and if they think that you need medication they will send you to a psychiatrist who is a doctor and can prescribe.  Counselors can be life savers. Make sure you like your counselor or maybe I should say trust and feel comfortable.  They have heard a lot of things so you can feel comfortable telling them anything. You sound like you need some help-please get it. if you are in school ask the school nurse or counselor if they know any good ones. If you feel comfortable enough ask friends if they have one to recommend or ask you doctor. Whatever you do get the help you seem to desperately need. Nobody will laugh at you. There are millions of people who see counselors and these counselors are there to help you.basically, you pretty much tell them about your life and they tell you different ways to deal with your problems and why you might be thinking a certain way. they can also explain why other people treat you a certain way and things like that. they are also supposed to be patient and supportive, kind of like a friend. don't be ashamed, i think that every person in the world could benefit from a counselor because they can really change the way you think about your life.Yes a counselor help you deal with you problem, and it all depends how long you have to stay with them if your problems are really big all small, I was with one for about 5 years or more she help me a lot to deal with all my problems a good counselor . should be someone you like and someone that will listen to what you have to say, someone that you can trust,. . God bless yougenerally people who are professionally trained in the fields of psychology can give guidance and counseling.according to BRODIN, COUNSELING AS THE PROCESS OF AIDING THE INDIVIDUAL TO SOLVE HIS PROBLEMS THROUGH THE MEDIUM OF INTERVIEW.to solve minor problems one need not consult a counselor, one can seek advice from ones close, best Friends, parents.,teachers. if the problem is such a big one ,it is better to consult a good counselor, who is well qualified, in the field of psychology. there are two types of counseling, direct and indirect counseling. the counselor,by establishing rapport ,solve your personal problems.he will make you self-sufficient,self dependent,self directed .he will instill confidence in you and you will become a person who can efficiently deal with any sort of problem you face in your life. in counseling, the counselor seeks information from you to find out the root cause of your problem and the questions put by him/her may not be regarded as probing into your privacy.no person  do laugh at you .at the cost of repetition, i put it in simple words, what a counselor does. he listens to your problems sympathetically and guide you how to solve them..very simply, someone you pay to listen and make suggestions.. a true friend will do the same without pay.. love you and support you.. everyone as personal issues, how you deal with those issues, what you pay a counselor for. I have paid $$$, they directed me to free programs, leave a donation, friends you gain help you, they laugh with you, not at you.. sharing our experiences, gives the best lessons. in short, love yourself and you won't need a counselor. need help, I think you need unconditional love. learn to give and receive.. good luck in your expedition.thats right - a counselor is most valueable for something called "unconditional positive regard" - no matter what you say, they will not judge you or think poorly of you. they can help you think of ways to solve problems that you possibly hand't thought of. this the person you can tell anything too, its all confidential of course. tCounselor is a psychologist who analyzes the psychic problems and suggests remedy. He or she also monitors the progress of her counseling on the patient. He/she is a sort of psychological consultant for the patient.
I think it is based on both, that is on individual theories and how one can use this them in a smart, economic and beneficial way to industry or to a country. Sometimes the theories are stupid, but someone somewhere always plucks out something of importance and "wala", the stupid is churned into profit.My kids suffer from this it's the act of not putting your brain in gear before doing anything."Economic thought" in "history of economic thought" refers to economic theories and doctrines developed by various thinkers in different times.  Note that I said "thinkers" rather than "economists"; economics as we understand it today it a very young discipline, dating back to the works of Leon Walras written in 1870s.  In its previous incarnation, it was known as "political economy" and dated back to late 1700s.  Prior to 1700, we don't really have any economists (nor do we have economics as a defined discipline), but we do have economic thought generated by philosopers, historians, and practicing politicians of all kinds...
You're the second person that's joined tonight and asked this question.  If you have a friend to talk to then talk to them, or a family member.  There are support groups who can also help.1st of all b positive.If every1 is scoldin u then 1st luk at d reason why they r doin it n think abt it.for eg if ur not doin gud in studies then try 2 study n do better also tell others not 2 nag abt it as u urself know ur shortcumins n tell them dat ull do better.2ndly follow d principal of not givin a damn abt  wat others think of u.If u pay attention 2 every1 n wat they r sayin then u urself will not b  able 2 think clearly.3rdly b urself n always hav a high opinion of urself becauz dats d key always think +ve n  hav faith in urself :)get medical help1. talk to a friend. 2. excercise - it releases adrenalin in your body which make you feel good.. 3. listen to your favourite happy song - avod the sad songs. 4. go shopping n buy youself something nice. 5. foget the diet and buy yourself an icecream or chocolate ... its very theraputic..... 6. go to a place you feel comfortable ( may be your own room or the bathroom etc) and talk to God .... I find the process very healingSeek counseling.   People are going to scold.  The world is a harsh place.  Try to find someone to talk to.  Get out of the house.  Change your schedule.  Do something different.  This helps to get you out of the depression.Go and meet your best freind immediately.. . If you have no friends of your age, please. meet someone elder, whom you can trust. and confide in him.. . Scolding is a part of life. You may have . erred. But donot bother too much. The . same persons love you as much. Please. forgive them and admit yourself that due. to a mistake, committed by you they have. scolded you.. . Vow not to commit the same mistake. again. We are all human being and are. prone to do mistakes in life. A person. who does not commit mistake is GOD.. . Take it very sportingly and forget the past.. Go for a movie (Comedy) and be happy.. . Cowards commit or think of suicide. I. bet you are not a coward, who is on the. Yahoo answers. Face it and feel happy.. . May God give you more strength to . solve your problems.Come to know Christ, and that you are his creation, a special person, precious in his sight. . Ask him in your heart. Think on the things of Christ,Philippians 4:4 says, think on these things, what so ever things are true, lovely, of good report...Meditate, on whats bother you.. Write, in a journal ALL your thoughts on your mind.. Eat, healthy fruit, drink lots of water, get a good nights rest.. Exercise, burn up a good sweat, helps clear things out your mind.. Talk, to someone who will not judge you, but just listen.. . Most important:. PRAY, ask God to come into your life, hear your cry, and deliver you from what's hurting you, trust in him, that you have placed ALL your cares and worries in him, after all that, what he wants, you to surrender, so that he can take control.. . Lastly, have no fear, do not let fear rule over you, life will throw many things at you, some you will catch, some will hit you hard, and some you  get to throw back.. . Hang in there.. I will be praying for you.. ?If every one includes ur parents also then its serious. Tell more about you.Go to yoga or meditation  centre. if not interested or its not available then go to help handicap childrens at some missionaries. whats ur age? if above 13 u can try placida tab three times a day. if placida not available u can try deanex tab or alprax 0.25 after medical consultation.After 7 years of depression and frequent thoughts of suicide, I was tested for thyroid problems 2 years ago.  In one month Synthroid corrected the entire problem for me.. . Go to your Dr. and have your thyroid tested and see if this could be a contributing factor.When thoughts like that enter your mind, don't entertain them, don't dwell on them, it will just take hold of your mind. Find someone, anyone you can to talk to, a close friend, seek counseling. I have been there, its a scary place to be. Try to think about good things, things that uplift you and encourage you. Go and visit friends who make you feel better, stay away from the ones that drag you down. Remember that you are wonderful, and that even though there are hard times, there is still so much life left to be lived. Live it to the fullest. You are beautiful, special and unique. You are a mother's little baby, if you are not now, you will be someone's everything. Suicide is a selfish answer to life's problems, and only makes everyone else's life miserable. Just take care of yourself, it will get better. If you don't mind, I will just keep you in my prayers. Take careWhat so may be the problem in our life we are not suppose to take decide of suicide. Once we are in selfish mode we think about the suicide. Be thing about others and ever. . .   At the time of feeling suicide follow given points,.    1. first leave from that place and gather yourself with the group   .    2. go to temples.    3. call your beloved one .    4. break anything you like and drink water this will reduce tension immediatly..    5. Hear the bajans cassette or god songs or melodies one which you unstress yourself.. .       Human life is the golden oppurtunity given by GOD..                Be Happy and other be happyALWAYS BE WITH YOUR FRIEND AND FAMILY YOU MUST KEEP ONE WORK PENDING TO DO. ALSO CONSULT YOUR DOCTOR.dont shoot yourself goober!!!!
It could crush them. They are impacting things from agriculture to metals, they are emerging as an international economic time bomb!. . China's Economic Rise Is Creating A Seismic Shift . http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/BU0512/S00358.htm. . Best Answer - Chosen by Asker. . The reason they can export aluminum or granite, or corn, or anything, and sell it for less but make more is because it costs them next to nothing to mine, produce, plant or harvest things. Then, we buy them because we do not want to pay more for the item made.... someplace else.. . QUOTE:. China's expanded production and export of unwrought aluminum also increased global prices for unwrought aluminum and changed the dynamics of the global aluminum market, the study said. . END QUOTE. http://usinfo.state.gov/xarchives/displa. . Put it all together, thay can and are controlling many exisitng and emerging markets, talk about "waking up the giant".Golden opportunity for everyone, they can sell (and indeed do sell) whatever they make to China where demand for many kinds of imports is rising rapidly. Also raw materials like timber and wool. They also benefit from higher markets for their imports in other regional countries that trade a lot with China such as Malaysia and Japan.. . Mostly they have to specialise in making things that China doesn't, not in toys and cheap consumer goods.
"No taxation without representation" was a catchphrase in the period 1763-1775 that summarized a primary grievance of the American colonists in the Thirteen colonies leading to the Revolution. Americans complained vehemently that taxes were imposed by the imperial government in which the colonies had no voice or representation. They protested this was a loss of a historic right of all Englishmen, that only their elected representatives could levy a tax. The Americans rejected the Stamp Act 1765 (which was repealed), and in 1773 violently rejected the tax on tea at the Boston Tea Party. When Britain started punishing the resistance, the Americans armed themselves and seized control of each colony, ousting the royal governors. The complaint was never over the amount of taxation (which was small), but always on the decision-making process by which taxes were decided in London, without representation for the colonists in the Parliament.. . . I hope this helps =)It's what we have now..we pay taxes and our govt does less and less for us.  So are we represented? Is it all show, or go?The phrase is "no taxation without representation."  It means if I don't have a voice in the government, I'm not giving the government any money.the colonists were being taxed by the King of England - and we had no voice in the matter. . oh - and the Boston Tea Party was over a 1% tax on tea. . what would they say if they knew what we were paying today??. . Want to make it just another day - and not dread April 15th???. Keep all your paycheck - no federal taxes?? NO IRS???. . Support the Fair Tax - Senate bill 25 and HR 25 in the House of RepresentativesPut simply "No taxation without representation" means, basically what it implies. The Colonies were paying monies (in the form of taxation/stamp duties to England on the gods being imported into the colonies. This revenue was used partly to of set the cost of the war between England and France, partly to help maintain the British troops still within the territories administered by The Crown, but most vexingly, to pay for social and institutional improvements within the British Isles which did nothing to benefit the population of the 13 Colonies.. The Colonies, as the name so obviously implies, were neither autonomous nor self-sufficient, albeit, They could produce most domestic conquerable other than luxury items.. The majority of the "Americans" were relatively happy with this system. However some far sighted men realized that the only way that "America" could ever hope to advance was by keeping Her assets at home where they could be put to better uses, i.e., in the foundation of infrastructure and social reform programs. . The Colonists had virtually no say in how Their tax money was spent, They had no rights by which They could  really  appeal any decision reached, nor any real legal avenue to seek redress or justiciable equity.. The only way a truly "legally binding" freedom could be obtained was by "annexing" the British, and creating a new style of open government, in which each citizen had indivisible rights that would be enforceable at law. Hence the War of Independence.
I don't really know, since I often struggle with the same questions myself. . . Part of it is that, as a kid, you have little else to think of...and as a kid, what you want is so easily accomplished!. . So, as you get older, not only are the goals harder to accomplish, but you've become experienced, beaten down, fearful, whatever it may be. . . Personally, I just try to remind myself each morning what it is I want, what my goal is, and that I have nothing to lose in pursuing it. Since the only other option is not pursuing it, in which case, I won't achieve it anyways. . . Good luck. Life ain't easy.Panama sounds good, how bout Mars?Maybe you are setting your goals too high. Maybe you are pushing yourself into something you really do not want to do or be. Give yourself a chance to enjoy life, eat out, play tennis get friends and share with them. Happiness is really what we want for ourselves. If I knit a sweater for my grandson and I hate to knit, why push myself. There are plenty already make at Wal-mart. Some people think they are not smart enough to do certain things, to be someone special. But accept who you are and love yourself for all the good things you can do. I am 67 and it took a while but getting those thoughts out of your mind and think about how good you are at arranging flowers, or making an apple pie. An old expression is very true, you are your own best friend.pretend your five and it's always xmas eve. that way your always going to bed waiting to wake up to a brand new present. Or quit job move to panama and marry a cabana boyPerhaps if you went and volunteered in a convalescent hospital, you would find your welcome there enough to cause you to become quite enthused with just being alive and bringing some extra joy into another's life. You can't imagine the brightening of the eyes of an elderly person, when you make an appearance and greet them with a big smile and word of greeting.. is difficult to find a replacement for that feeling that is generated within you.
Light reaches objects in waves containing all colors of the band spectrum. The reflection is what we see in different colors. Light also bends to contour.Is he the one who suggested asking a physics question in the psychology section?It has particle qualities (mass), and when it hits something else with these qualities, and that will not let that particular frequency of light be absorbed into it, the light 'particle' changes direction (bounces off). Or so it would seem.
Of course it does- look at OJ, the most famous of all examples. They are very closely tied together.Lower class people make up the majority of the prison population. The structure of our society makes them more likely to commit crime. The ones in power write the laws and make the behavior of the lower class illegal.The  justice  system  is  way  large  and  very  bureaucratic.. Having  $$   lets  you  get  an  attorney  to  figure  stuff  out,  no  $$   and  you  have  to  wing  it  on  your  own  and  most  people  screw  that  up  because  they  do  not  understand  the  law   or  think  telling  a  sad  story  will  get  the  judge to  ignore  the  law.
thatsa kool question...i donno 4 sure but i figure a certain part or our brain recieve an impluse that leads to laughter when sumthing funny happens...n when we feel happy a certain part or our brain is activated which makes us smile etc...kool/weird question thoIt's a spontaneous human emotion.  Some people laugh easily and there's those few that you practically have to pay to laugh!  Same goes for other emotions too.We have what is called a sense of humour.  Some people don't ever laugh.  This is seen as a psychological disorder.
Well, one good way that i use to ease my anger is to use my imagination. Let's say in your case, you can imagine that you are the dentist and the dentist that you don't like is your patient. You are supposed to give your patient an operation on the gums or tooth but you did not give her ANY anasthetic . Keep thinking about the sour and pain look on her face and you will feel that a heavy load had just been lifted off your body.I like the book Then Anger Diet. I forget the Author at the moment.  It saved me from my angry mind.  Also the Bhagavad Gita As it is, by Bhaktivedanta Prabhupada says that unfulfilled desire creates anger so one needs to give up attachment to having things and controlling people and situations and gradually one will become free from anger.  Also have a compassionate mind not hateful.  Read The Key to Real Happiness by Stephen-Knappusually reading a book or watching a movie works, as you will temporarily forget what you are doing while reading a book as you are literally transferred into a different world, but this is only a temporary solution, to solve the problem completely, usually the sense of triumph over your enemy works, this is how revenge worksjus smok a fatty, everting be irie mannext time you go to the dentist stop at the neighborhood tavern first.Why would you want to stop?. Try try throwing something. hard. against a wall. watch the Lord of the Rings. love Gandalf. watch the matrix. love Agent Smith. annoy ppl in chat rooms. this is how i deal with anger.
If you look back and see a person holding a cell phone they are taking a picture of you so laugh out loud and tell them to bug off.Yahoo Answers is one place people are occasionally profiled.I remember this feeling when I was a kid.If you are in sports than this is true.you want to think that someone is watching you. Maybe you are exhibitionist.We are...? paranoid, did you do something wrong and feeling guilty about it?. i know what you did and i'm watching you misterand you look so sexy in those baggy confty jammies.  ha ha j/k  maybe it's a bug? you know, like a spider looking at you.  if it's not that then maybe you feel guilty about something you did and are afraid to get caught.. mwaaa ha ha!  put the chocolate cake back in the fridge!god isUHH... because you are highit was actually a rock song with a michael jackson backup...you probably heard it recently...sometimes i feel like somebodys watching me.....and so on.The Feds are. And the FBI,CIA, DEA and everyother Tom, Dick and Harry that works for Bush.ooooooh, go with your instinct, prob'ly true
read alot, learn to really listen to others & train your mind to retain information.It depends on how you define smart. But if you are speaking of intelligence. Read, reading is knowledge!Study, gain knowledge, and then you become educated add in a little bit of life experience.. And when you have reached the point that you feel you have learned enough, you realize their is still so much more to lean. You have become smart. Good luck and God blessGenetics will give you the ability, training will get you smart. Education helps, but there are plenty of educated idiots running around. That is because ignorance can be cured but stupidity cannot.Stop asking Dumb questions is a good start.KEVIN  LOLOLOL. . Dunno about smart....but if you wish to be the most informed (nothing is 100% reliable), you use discerning logic, and other information aiding in your opinion as to its reliability of your  discernment, to determine which sources are the most reliable in fact, in the regards to the information you seek to be more knowledgeable about.  This will amplify the percentage of probability that your sources of information gathering on a topic are correct.Go to your local state court and file a petition for a name change.the more u know the further u will go.           KNOWLEDGEI agree with learning and reading... it is also important to learn through real life experience.Smart or knowledgeable?  There is a difference you know.  Smart is simply put as things coming together quickly to make sense.  Knowledge is reading up on things to make you more up to date-kind of like having to download something into your computer to make it work better.    Most people are knowledgeable.  They have to read up to get the right idea first.   And there's nothing wrong with that.  But there are those that can piece things together all on their own and quickly.  Perhaps it's a gift to be smart.  But it isn't shameful to be knowledgeable either.  Both work well-especially together.
I would guess that they are not thinking about the consequences.  Perhaps you could put a sign on the door saying that you are sleeping and not to disturb you.Not in thei house.  If a door is shut and you want access then you knock first even if you think there is no one in the room.  . . It is only a case of having manors or not and most people now do not even know the meaning of the wordThey do knock when you are sleeping but you don't hear themin the house or bedroom?. . because they dont wanna wake u up so u can see that they're takin some ca$hI don't have that problem - the door is locked, so they have to knock either way.
Because you have too much free time and nothing better to do! Perhaps you should consider getting a job.Hm. Well, you tell me.. . It's a very big number?
I have often wondered about the same thing.  Stupid people don't get depressed as much because they don't have sense enough to see what kind of shape their lives are in.I think depression crosses all boundaries of the intellectual spectrum.  But a possible explanation for depressed intellectuals is. .  .. not having enough people who truly understand you. Sometimes intellectuals feel the need to 'dumb down' their conversations to fit in with the crowd. The best solution for this particular depression is to find others who are like yourself .  At least then you'll have some moderation between intellectual conversations and the daily norm. Thank you and I hope this helps.I suggest searching EBSCO data base for studies on depression.  When researching depression for writing papers in graduate school, I did not come across any such studies.  I can tell you however, that depression seems in my experience to not be limited to the one end of the intelligence scale.  Severe and chronic depression and other mental health issues are correlated with abuse during childhood.  Studies have shown that depression is rampant.  At least 50% or more of the US population experiences depression at some point in their lives.Saying it's true is doesn't make it true. You need to provide a source to your claim. . . If we assume that your statement has any merit at all, let us explore the fact that intelligence doesn't automatically give a person a coping skill with life and it's cruel nature. Skills are learned, if you are intelligent- you can learn them. If you are stubborn, you won't.To preform well at a intelligence-test a basic ability needed is concentration. Lack of concentration is, together with other symptoms, a strong indicator of depression. So if you've got problem concentrating, you'll preform poor at a intelligence-test. There's no evidence saying that people who've got depression had poor intelligence before they got depression.Serotonin
Well, when I introspect, I tend to stare off to the side.  try that.At least you acknowledge the fact that some men do this.  You seem a nice sort who wouldn't do it deliberately and I think women would recognise the difference between a momentary lapse and a blatent ogle.  Some men do it with no shame whatsoever.  If this is the case, I always say "You can talk to them all you want, they will never talk back!".  This usually has the desired effect of making them blush.Tell them how much better your wife or girlfriends headlights are compared to theirs! Just take the humorous road and don't get offended as women tend to find something out of nothing and if your eyes have drifted once, it means every woman at your work knows about it and are just waiting for their chance to join in the gossip session about how you did it to them. Just focus more on their face, Iook at peoples mouths.Its better to look at peoples faces when talking to them.....you know more polite !!!!Change your habit of looking down.  It will be construed as very rude to the woman you are offending and will affect your professional carrer.  It's not the woman's fault, it's yours, make a concience effort to look into their eyes.ask them to take their woolly jumpers off then at least you would have something to look at?Dont worry about it mate , thats what they'r there for , otherwise why would women ( and i love em all ) spend all that time making themselves look so attractive to us blokes !it could be worse mate i only have a bunch of men to talk to at my place of work...... . What i would give right now for a pair of t**s even if they were in a wooley jumper!To be fair, women shouldn't put them on display if they don't want anyone looking at them.Look to the side!If there are a lot of women have complained about this, then I think you should start reconsidering the way you handle face-to-face conversations with them. If it is only one person complaining could be that she just had doubts.. . Anyway, the most polite way to talk to women is to look straight at their facesd while the conversation is going on. If you can't get your eyes fixed on her face (even just her eyes), it would be best to glance upwards rather than downwards. Better yet, give her that "blank stare". Do these things casually and naturally, so they won't notice.. . Good luck.Im lesbian, just look and drool....well its not a major problem instead of chests practice on faces which tells u everything about that person and more eyes are the heart of the soul so whatever u face with ppl Q's or conversation when u wany to control the situation look straight to the eyes he/she will look somwhere else wile ur talkin and u'll be free to be in controll not to be controlled ,,face ur fears and u become better person ,,if you treat then as an equal then it does not matter where you look. most females like people admiring them but not staring. . if the female has a problem then its her problem not yours. . if you have a problem then you need to to something about it. . by the sound of your question it seems to me that you and the females you talk to are both young and insecure. . have you tried being an adult and asked a close female friend/co-worker what she thinks what you are doing and her reactionI personally enjoy looking at women's breasts, and have to control myself. I find them quite interesting.. . You simply have to change your habit. It will require effort, self-talk, and sensitivity.  When you are talking to a woman really concentrate on her eyes. Or look away and up or to the side. You need to think of this ahead of time, be prepared.. . Any habit, short of breathing, can be broken. Ask an anorexic!
hmm try to set little goals... maybe say to urself "after i read this chapter i will get myself an icecream" hehe :oP. i dont know.. just try to motivate urself to read!. good luckkeep focused
cos they dont want to b wrong, its embarassing and damages their self esteemremember that line from an old movie: "The truth, you can't handle the truth.". some people can't be truthful even with themselves. of course, these people have not matured fully and you should not trust them and they don't know the conceptOften we lie when we are afraid of what the "truth" can do to us such as making us look bad to someone we have always tried to stand tall in front of. Also if we are fearful of losing something if the truth comes out. Lies can some times just be a plain and simple way of trying to protect ourselves... it may not be the right thing to do but everyone has that struggle at any given time.They do it all the time. *ush does it
The poor are aware of the suffering in others, the rich don't understand poverty or have sympathy for others.If you are speaking of material things, than judge by what you see.. . If you are speaking of spiritual things, than judge by words and actions.Look at his shoes.  Anyone can save enough money to buy an expensive suit but it takes money and intelligence to realize that good shoes are a man's best investment.A poor man's watch stops at every second.....a poor man is not one who is without a cent, it is one who is without a dream.the rich are skinnier
As oppose to him being gay when in the afternoon , the evening or at night all other times?  What the heck u talking about?Did you sleep with him last night, and wake up next to him?  Are you a guy?...because he knows then.i do not understand the absurdity of your question!!!!!  i sure hope you don't have a degree in anything!!!!If you got him drunk or drugged that's not very smart of you.
You may be suffering form a mild depression and you may need help to deal with it. Inless it is caused by a know reason which needs to be dealt with it may require medication. You should talk to you doctor about this. Many others suffer from the same problem.Most people want more out of life, it is natural! You may need to feel important, i say go out and find your soulmates. if you believe in it or take a trip if you have the money! Help someone you thought you never would, IT MAY CHANGE THE WAY YOU THINK ABOUT LIFE!The constant nudge from the subconscious that you know nothing about death. No one does. Some dont care and go for atheistic immortalitySounds like you are in a depression. I think a trip to the doctor would help then do the daily things that our body and mind loves. Bathe, clean clothes, eat foods like fresh fruit, veggies, milk, lean meats, whole grains, then go for a long fast walk and breathe in some fresh air, go to the movie theatre and watch a comedy then come home to have some chocolate and write at least 10 good things about you and your life. Good Luck :)
This sounds like a mid-life crisis or depression.  Get yourself checked out, get some councelling or even meds.  Don't let this continue you can come through it.I think you should go see your GP coz it sounds like depression... Depression is an illness remember.... . I get these feelings when I'm due on, its horrible, I feel life isnt worth living, I have nothing and I'm not going anywhere...  Its so scary, I just want to cry cry cry.... . Please go see the doc, what harm can talking do?...  Take Care....Everyone has these feelings at one point in their life and its always around xmas. You need to switch of the telly, don't watch/listern to any news its always depressing and that the last thing you want to do.. Do you work? If not try to make everyday chores a little more fun, put the music on full to you fav music and blitz the house after go for a walk, when you get back you'll feel a bit better, Join an aerobics class, exercise is another way to lift your spirits. . Make healthier meals, (not that you don't). Get the kids to involve you more in their lifes, in the evenings play board games with your husband, avoid drinking alchol!. . I went through something like this and if you don't try your best you'll just get deeper and deeper into depression.. . Goodluck and don't worry, YOUR NORMAL:)You describe my symptoms of depression exactly.  There were days I survived second to second.  Talk to your doctor, talk to a therapist.  Remember that you are not alone and never, ever give up.u have to find something for you!!!  you put yourself out for other people, now it is time they did it for you.   get one of them to have ur kids for a couple of hours at the weekend and u + hubby go do something different - go to the pictures together or if moneys tight (as it is for me! lol) go for a walk round the park, hold his hand dont talk about major problems, just natter and enjoy his company.. you need hubby, tell him how u feel and do fun family things - a football in the park always gets us laughing, and laughter helps. smile babe, i hope this helps.  xHi,I feel exactly the same way has you.I feel like leaving everything behind which is not much.Like you I have become a loner & feel trapped.Last month my mam died,I felt like this before then.However the loss has made the feeling unbearable.. Maybe its with winter setting in they say the long dark nights can affect people.I hope you find the happiness your looking for.GoodluckI think you are feeling run down at the moment.  Try taking some multi-vitamins and Omega 3 tablets from any Health store.  You need to set goals, like if you do this and this, you will treat yourself to a trip to cinema. Plan a holiday for next year. You and your husband need to do things together, perhaps there is someone who can babysit for you one evening a week.  You need to let your anger out, have a good shout and a few tears, you will feel so much better after that.  Look at what you have achieved and what you got instead of what you expected to get.  The grass no matter how green it looks isn't  any greener on the other side.  Talk to your husband about how you are feeling  see if you and he can together come up with some ideas to bring a spark back into your lives. I never worry about how many friends I have, just the quality of them.  I have one very best friend and we go out every so often, about once a month or less.  When we meet up we usually spend a lot of time moaning about the kids, life, husbands, work etc. and find ourselves giggling like two teenagers because you can find the funny side of the negatives.  You feel wonderful after this and are ready to take on the world. Make time to go out with a special friend and moan, giggle, let your hair down and laugh at your problems, you will feel so much better about yourself.  You also have to remember that at this time of year, there is not nearly as much light about and it is quite often dull, this in itself will make you feel down. Hope you feel happier soon.Been in this boat big time with you. Everyone has an emptiness within that can only be filled by God. Find a good bible believing church and give God a try. Here are two good places to start. http://www.livingwaters.com/goodmorning.shtml. Take the Are You A Good Person Test. and then go have a listen at www.gty.org. You cant go wrong with this.. Whatever you do , dont bale on your family. You are not missing anything out there. At the least, find a hobby you enjoy. A lot of happiness is in attitude and how you chose to look at things.. Hang in there!sometimes it is hard when we grt into this frame of mind and it is hard to get out of too, one thing i learned to do was to try and notice one good thing each day about your life and think of that all day, then the next day choosee somthing else and see how that helps you. also try doing one thing each day that scares you, that way you will build up some self confidence, try keeping a diary of the times you feel happy then read over it when you are feeling down.. i hope this will help you to find some love in your life again.I understand you completely. I'm in the same place right now, but probably for completely different reasons (I am not a wife - wrong plumbing in the downstairs area - and the kids are grown up, flown the nest).. Don't look for the answers in the bottom of a liquor bottle - I tried that and all it does is give you an expensive and unhealthy addiction.. Sometimes, the thing that works best for me is conjuring a mental image of a simple cartoon that was doing the rounds a few years back. A Pelican or some-such large bird with a frog's rear legs produding from it's mouth, but also the frog's "hands" - the frog is attempting to strangle the bird and the caption reads - "Never give up".. Mail me sometime, we cah share shoulders to cry on.I'm in the same place, and have been for years.  I go from being sad and depressed to utterly raging in anger, and have absolutely no control over it.  I'm currently in the process of having myself diagnosed, possibly with bipolar disorder.  I'm not saying that you have it, but what I am saying is this;. . Grab the bull by the horns!  Talk to your husband about it, let him know how you feel.  He will understand.  Then go and see your doctor.  He/she will not be able to diagnose you fully, but will notify a consultant and refer you.  I am seeing mine next week for the first time.  Even though I have not yet been diagnosed, I feel MUCH BETTER having started the process, and even more so having started the process myself.. . Don't wait until something happens, or until it becomes unbearable.  Please!!!  By tackling this problem, you will feel stronger, and your loved ones WILL support you.  I promise you that!. . You can always mail me if you need any support!. . Oh and by the way, you are completely NORMAL!!!! :-). . Take very good care!
It the feeling of having already lived that moment.I have just experienced it, this question has been ask before...loli experience this all the time, its wierd...like you have dreamt about it. that when something happens everything in your mind stops and wonders (eh? havent i seen that before?? o0) as strange as it is as far as i know ts unexplainable, maybe it is what you have seen before, maybe its something similar. Just make sure next time you experience it you know for sure you have seen it before ;)The term "d?j? vu" (French for "already seen", also called paramnesia) describes the experience of feeling that one has witnessed or experienced a new situation previously. The term was created by a French psychic researcher, ?mile Boirac (1851–1917) in his book L'Avenir des sciences psychiques (The Future of Psychic Sciences), which expanded upon an essay he wrote while an undergraduate French concentrator at the University of Chicago. The experience of d?j? vu is usually accompanied by a compelling sense of familiarity, and also a sense of "eerieness", "strangeness", or "weirdness". The "previous" experience is most frequently attributed to a dream, although in some cases there is a firm sense that the experience "genuinely happened" in the past.Deja vu, literally meaning 'already seen', (Deja vu translated in french), is used to describe that instance when you feel you've been through it again. It might be something as basic as just driving through a new road, and feeling like you've been through it before, and have very vague memories, or even nostalgia to it. Although you might have not really been to it, you feel like you have. That is deja vu and is actually quite unexplainable to say so.Why does deja vu happen?....what's the explanation?. . It is because our brain relates to something we have seen similar before.It's what happens when they change something in the Matrix.deja vu is when Ohio State beats up the wolvereenies.
It means looking back and seeing clearly what happened in a situation or circumstance.  In other words, we muddle through life but after we get through some stuff we can look back and "see" things more clearly, of course because when it is over and done with we know more about it all.  If only we could see things so clearly when we are faced with it in the moment and have all the information we gather along the way through.. . I have actually been amazed how certain people have come into my life and I didn't think anything about it at the time.  Then some time later I understood why they were there for me.hindsight 20/20 is where you know exactly what you SHOULD have done after the fact, but of course this does you no good. An example  is when you have just had an argument with a person, and you think of a comeback after that person has already left.Hindsight is 20/20 means you can see with perfect clarity when you look back.it means you have perfect visionHindsight means looking at a past situation and learning something from it... you see something about the situation NOW that you didnt realize THEN. . . 20/20 is perfect vision . . Hindsight 20/20 means being able to look at a situation and understand everything about it perfectlyif I knew then, what I know now
Generic means Common. So common interpretation.. . It can also mean general interpretation.. ******************************************************. In case of drugs, it means common scientific name main active ingredient.A generic interpretation is an improvement in the traditional way of model interpretation. Instead of making a model, a policy statement with the same characteristics is made and as a result, you have a table of performances and you can very well find out where is difference is ....and understand why it is.
Why would you want to do that? There are too many serious questions on here as it is. Just keep asking them. We need them.I hope you never find out because I love your silly questions. There should be more like this one here to make the site a little more fun. lol. :-DI think for you to stop asking silly questions you should come over to my house and let me spank your bottom.silly questions ask for silly answers. its all good :-)Just take your hands off the keyboard.
I believe that insecurity is the inability to stand by your own opinions and do what you want to do.  It makes a person absolutely need positive reinforcement and constant approval from everyone that they encounter.  They will mold themselves into all sorts of different settings and other people because they are afraid to say no or to be told that they are not good enough.  Women will sometimes do and be whatever the man in their life wants, because they are insecure and put so little value on their own lives.i think it means to not be totally happy with yourself.. being insecure means you don't act in confidence to yourself..Tough question but usually it's when someone projects thier own faults onto another individual. Accusing someone of constantly being a certain way when thone only person being that way is You "the Accuser"  . . It's an easy mentality to slip into.You know the answer, you just want to be sure I agree.
First of all therapist don't make you happy. You make you happy. Try to find something you love doing and stick to it when you feel down or depressed.Hey Nicole, check this out!  Try their 800 number  1-800-273-8255  -- I'm sure they can help!  And you don't have to go see anyone.... . Let us all know with an update later...Unfortunately I think we all get that way at one time or another. Here's a quick fix for you. Think back to the nearest day that you weren't feeling depressed or suicidal. That's not to say that you were feeling great. But you just sorta chugged throught the day without anything bothering you. Things were ok. Now think about this day and how you feel, depressed or suicidal? What's the difference between the ok day and the bad day?. If you were ok what changed between then and now? Did someone cut your arms or legs off? Did everybody spit on you and call you names? I bet if you think about it the days themselves were about the same.It's just your feelings  that were different, right? Now if someone had cut your arms off I could understand the depression. But they didn't. Now it's up to you. Do you wanna feel good tomorrow or depressed? It's all up to you. Good luck.Remember that life is too short, every second in your life counts, enjoy it, the day that passes will never come back again.. Whatever the reason of your depression was, just remember that there are people are are living in a very bad condition and they are still smiling. Turn on your favorite song, sing and dance , or just drive around, it will make you feel betterlisten to music that u like. hearing songs i love always cheers me up.. or punch soemthing! i squished a banana to death when i was having suicidel thought last week. i also punched a wall but i dot sugest u do that..heh heh heh *hugs* hope u feel betterFirst you have to value your selves that you are created by your creator for a purpose, that is to be useful for others and not to your selves. The secret of happiness is to be able to give other people with honesty (please do not think about materials or money etc..), the moment you give, at that particular moment your happiness is in you, since happiness is the way you think about anything. To give honestly, means, if you give, do not expect anything, not even the word thank you from the one you give, only one you can expect is, the one received your gift is happy.Try to find some good friends, see a movie, watch TV, get some juice, you know, go on a walk. Some of these might cheer you up.eat chocolate!. works 4 me!by the time you reach this stage, you would have more than forgotten all the habits and indulgences that make you happy.. what calms you down? clear your mind. take a long bath with nice smelling shower gels. powder yourself. take a nice long nap. when you wake up, go for a run. release all the pent up energy. read a book, chill out with a cup of hot cocoa. so many. find an oulet. right now, your mind is solely focused on your current problemsa quick way to cheer up and you feel suicidal ? what ever makes you think you 'll get over such feelings in a quick way and feel HAPPY ? how can someone drive him/herself from suicidal thoughts to happiness ? i'm not a doctor, so i can't actually advise you on anything. please do only that, sit down and talk with yourself. find the cause that makes you feel this way, and if you don't succeed at first, don't get disappointed. maturity is a long and difficult way but when you get there, you feel complete and...happy. good luck... we only live once... i'm sure you are a young, pretty girl, falling in love maybe will fill your life with joy...ever thought of it ?go and have some fun, eat nice food, go on a ride or soemthing, meet with friendsHey cheer up....Life is too good to get depressed. Think positive. Think about some of your nicest moments in life and smile.No, not again.. . Please, watch some good movie comedies like "Some Like It Hot" or "Scary Movie" / "Naked Gun" or stuff like this. There is so much fun in the world --- go out and find it. Find Yourself a new boy friend, flirt, try to fall in love. Or make some music. Music always helps... Or paint a huge oil picture... Enjoy !!!. . You wanna die at Your age !? . How silly...  . . Wish U were here... So I could hug You. VickyTake a bubble bath, listen to some peaceful music, and cry- get it all out... then don't cry again after that.  We all get depressed here and there.  Life has so many ups and downs- it's not always easy.  But please know this- you may feel at the ultimate lowest in your life... it WILL come back up.  It always does.  I've had a couple of the lowest points in my life... I also thought about suicide a few times.... but you need to think about what would make you happy.  For me, it was to have children some day and to love them with all my heart and to see they were happier than ever.  Thinking about all the love I have to offer, made me go on with my life.  That, and think about all of those who do love you- or who haven't met you yet, but may get a chance to love you.  Just think of happy times you've had, and only you can get back up.  I don't think a therapist will help that much-maybe a little, but it has to be you mostly.  . . My husband had an ex-girlfriend who killed herself, and let me just say, it was VERY hard on him although they were broken up.  He stopped his life for many years.  After 10 yrs, he still has a hard time with it.  We have a son now, who brings us so much joy... but how do you get him to feel it wasn't his fault in any way?  If you decide to kill yourself, everyone will have so much guilt... do you want them to grieve over you- never getting over it, and always wondering what they could have done.... I think it would be very selfish for you to do that only because it won't solve any problems, and to do this to all these people who care about you (that's one thing I couldn't live with therefore making me not want to).  . . Relax, let out your emotions, then take a nap!  You will feel a little better.  Do things you enjoy,and keep busy.  . . "live, love, laugh"  that's what I live by.
And there are how many billion Chinese? This alone should prove that your hoohoo is long enough. Any longer and the Chinese would overrun the planet.  if anything, it should be made SHORTER, not longer.hope that you are reincarnated as an italian like my buddy.You poor fellow.  You must have to work extra hard with the ladies.save up for an enlargement opperationheard about a guy tying small weights to his hoohoo.  over time it grew.Go for penis enlargement pills
women:love light colors love to stay clean love the arts and sensitive. men:the total opposite. woman:they're bodies are different. they're breast hurt sometime they get periods go through puberty before boys. men:the don't really change but get taller and bigger in some areas :). so men don't understand the things women go through. and women are more mature i would say and kinda smarter  not in school i mean in life. in school guys kick girls a s s but thats just what i think. neither understands what the other sex goes throughOne broad stroke - women try to figure ulterior motives in men's behavior, when there are only 3 or 4 functions for men:. 1. Eat. 2. Have sex. 3. Watch sports. 4. Sleep. . On a more serious level,. Women tend to have more of a social network (Sex in the City, the Special K Commercial of the woman in red joining three friends for breakfast, the Lean Cuisine commercials are some of medias portrayal).  You rarely see a group of guys getting together for breakfast unless it's a business or civic event.  (The Hardee's commercial of men trying to make breakfast with the liner "Some guys would starve." is another media portrayal.). . Men are stupid dogs (and you can say it takes one to know one). Even after being in a monogamous relationship for 9 years, I threw it away because I got lonely, and craved some companionship.. . I think there would be less war if women were in power, as men are territorial, and think nothing of throwing a punch if they feel threatened (and men in power, that punch is bombs).. . I don't agree with the view that men are not able to multi-task, as I have to do that in my work daily.  Maybe it could be viewed as such if you review what I said at the beginning, though.. . Hope this gives some insight.If women only thought with their vaginas then we would all get alongwow...i don't think i can explain that in one post. . . Even if I knew the answer. . PeaceWe have different brains.  Women are more understanding, men are more into actions.  Men have selective hearing and it is hard for them to focus on two things at a time.  Women find it more easy to multi-task.I would recommend you read Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus. It has a lot of interesting insights on the subject.Because males and females are completely different.There is a book called Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus.  You should get it and read it.  That will give you some understanding into the differences in the way the sexes think.There`s only one woman who can understand you only with one look into your eyes.Find her and be happy!Because EVERYONE misunderstands eachother. If you want to hear JUST about males and females check this guys radio show out - 3PM-7PM LA(Pacific) TimeZone.. . www.blowmeuptom.comi would say, men and women both were created for different tasks and that is why they think differently.. . why misunderstand each other, because they never gave themselvs the chance to know about each otherIf you sincerely want to know why men and women think differently read the book titled "Men are from mars women are from Venus"I cant find my copy at this moment but you will be amazed at how true and to the point this guy is and it will definitely help you understand the difference.People misunderstand because they don't take the time to truly understand. Most of us are just waiting until it is our turn to talk instead of actively listening (and observing) to what people are trying to tell us.if you have that figured out..youll get rich..thats part of the attraction."Men Are From Mars - Women Are From Venus" is a good place to start, but it's simplified pop psychology. There are much better books out there. . . Two that come to mind are "Standup Guy: Masculinity That Works" by Michael Segell and the unfortunately titled but absolutely OUTSTANDING book about communication between men and women, "All Men Are Jerks (Until Proven Otherwise)" by Daylle Deanna Schwartz.  . . Both go a long way toward explaining the complexities of each gender's perspective and why they do AND say the things they do and say.they talkthey don't listen to each other
This he had correct. All human behavior is normal. It fits under a normal curve. People confuse being " abnormal " with some data point that is in the tail of the curve; two or three standard deviations from the mean.Crime in society serves a function. For example, the punishment of criminals reinforces the norms and promotes social solidarity around them.Durkheim thought that crime had its own necessary functions in society.Here's a breakdown of Emile's theory:. . http://www.d.umn.edu/~jhamlin1/edurkheim.html
I guess we all like to feel superior and right and we look down on people who we feel arent as wise as us.I am open minded to the extent of one hurting another, if it doesn't hurt anyone I don't have an opinion and accept others culure and religion but if it crosses the line of harming others in their process then I have a problemI think it's because of a lack of understanding or knowledge of something that is different to the ways we were taught growing up. Ignorance about the unknown can cause fear which seems to make people lash out.if people are not close-minded how else can they hurt others emotionally??because no one is secure in their own belief.. there is always that second guess about anything you do.. especially when the decission could keed your eternity at stake you better at least think you are right...please be my first best answerYou are being closed minded for not understanding people who insult others with different views.The answer is simple, just like when you where a child there was that kid who had to pick on some one to make them self's feel better about them self's.  It's just like that, but It's not that there insecure about them self's it's that they are afraid of what they don't know and feel that by putting some one or something down that they are more secure.  The fact is that People are afraid of what they don't know and refuse to broaden there horizons, some people just can't eat a piece of humble pie.  Now I don't want to belittle any one but I do wish people would educate them self's before saying or doing something stupid just because they don't know.It could be fear, laziness, ignorance, intolerance...  many things.  I feel blessed that I have an open mind and a big heart, and I respect everyone and their beliefs.  I many not AGREE with everyone, but I accept the fact that they think differently than I do.  More people need to think this way.We are all connected and have more similarities than differences. But we focus so much on the things that make us different from one another that we forget that we are all human being looking for some sort of positive connection in this experience we call life.Ok, I think what it is is people freak out sometimes. We forget that we are all just people. We are the same species. People go over the top with trying to convert you into their religion because they are blinded by their faith, and are not aware that what they are doing is wrong. All you can do is look them in the eye and tell them where you are coming from, and be polite about it, and respect their stance if they have one. Just respect them regardless of what religion they are. Good brotherly love, respect, and understanding conquers all. We are all human beings and we should treat each other as so.different people, different mind, different environment, different psycology, different evolution hence difference in opinion as to how to act.fear. fear of the unknown. if someone does'nt understand a belief or viewpoint or knows nothing about it they feel the need to insult,bash, hate or whatever makes them feel better. to bad. if we were all the same, the world would be a very boring place to live.There is a personality trait called "opennes". It correlates strongly with such quality as "religiosity," and "authoriativeness." Although, I believe it has to do with the way in which people develop and organize their mental constructs, (mental structures that represent concepts). Due to perhaps defense mechanism (because they have low ambiguity tolerance or the way people are raised) they organize these thoughts (such as religious, political or social ideas) into rigid (due to their cognative styles) and, (especially in the cases of extremists) core constructs. Meaning, the construct (say for example religious beliefs) is related to many other constructs (such as family). When the outside world conflicts with their construct, they feel discomfort.I'm atheist, but I fully support other people's rights when it comes to having their own beliefs.  That's completely fine with me if others want to believe in God.  But I'll shoot back if being an atheist isn't acceptable to them--and it rarely is.  I'll pick a fight with any righteous SOB who uses their religion to justify discrimination (ask any member of the gay community who attacks them the most).. . I fully entertain that I may be wrong:  There just might be a God.  But I really don't think He'd be impressed what we do in "honor" of Him.  Centuries of dead people, all because no one can seem to agree to disagree about religion.  It's sickening.  Just plain sickening.  Every time I hear "God bless America" while we're rolling troops into a foreign country and mowing down the natives, I'm reminded why intelligent life from other planets won't visit us.  War, in the name of a God of Love.  Pathetic.. . But to practice your own religion... there's nothing wrong with that.  I realize that everybody needs to form their own philosophy of life; we can't just live in the beat of the moment as other animals do.  I applaud those who--after actually thinking about it for themselves--decided that there is a God, and furthermore decide to worship Him.  However, there's too many amoung us who don't know Thing One about their adopted system of beliefs.  I once ran into a group of Christian protesters who were rallying against the removal of the Ten Commandments in public places.  Very few--VERY FEW--could tell me what those Ten Commandments are.  Since they're only the rules that their God expects them to live by, I had to laugh before leaving the area:  There was no intelligent debate to be had there that day.. . Once, as a child, we had guests over, and I was misbehaving.  My father explained to one of the guests that "some people are just too stupid to be polite."  He was right!  Now, I guess I'll have to re-use his words to describe this scenereo.
Individual counseling is one on one between the counselor and the client. As opposed to Group Counseling or Marital or Family Counseling., where other people are involved. In Individual Counseling, the emphasis and focus is on the treatment of the individual and often times the counselor will focus on only the individual even if that individual is married or in a relationship.That means the patient is one-on-one with the counselor as opposed to a group interacting with one or more counselorsIndividual counseling is where a patient can meet with a trained counselor for some one on one discussions about what is going on in the patients life. It (by law) is kepy confidential unless the patient poses a threat to theirself or others. The point of individual counseling is its a place to say what you need or want to say without having someone judge or see you in a distorted way since the counselors are professionally trained to be able to take what you say and help you work through issues.
Assume that "fallacies" aren't common.One is "post hoc ergo proper hoc" meaning "After this therefore because of this."  It refers to assuming that because one event came after another event, the first event must have caused the second.Go to wikipedia, they have many listed there, under " fallacy ".
it's just like saying.... . 1 goes to 5 of you,. and 5 goes to one of me...In western cultures we have everything washing machines phones tvs central heating etc someone who is materailly deprived will not have these tings in other words they so not have what the majority in their society has. it can include many items that most people would take for grantedThe PDF document at number 2 on the page below gives a good description and examples.It is not having everything you want, when you see others with all the material trappings in life and you don`t have then; you may well consider yourself to be materially deprived.well it means that when a society has for example 100 people and income of 1000 pounds of rice then 30 of them who are in a city took 900 pounds witch leaves remaining 70 with only 100 pounds so they first group deprived materials.. i tried to explain the idea throw an example hope it helped.not having the basics for a normal life style like a bath a fire a home food etc.
its not just the cost of elderly risen it just the cost of living in general, everythings cost way more than before....and people out their having to try to live on 5.15 a hour, min. wages shouldve been raised along time ago, but these people in office that votes on this stuff dont give a crap about the little man because they all have everything they want and need and then some.Everything has risen, except my wages!!!!!!  The government are a greedy load of wotsits.  Tax this tax that blah blah blah.  They're okay they get paid a good wage. Don't get me started.Because people who own residential houses for the elderly are realising what a big money spinner it is and charging ridiculous amounts for the old folk to live out their last years.they are now become business not just a social service, they need to make a profit. They know they will vbe more demand in the future- the baby boomers which now in the 60's will need care in 20-25 years time. It will be just getting more expensive and difficult to get one as well.because more people live to old age with fewer or no children to look after them. also because they are kept alive longer after developing diseases like cancer etc which are expensive to treat and subsequently manage/screen for. althought people live longer they do not always live healthier. so more people living longer, requiring expensive care/treatment= greater costs. if you look at it per head it is even more worrying as the population declines overall!Probably a lot to do with there being more middle managment than there was 20 years ago, they demand higher wages.Because they are living longer. There are more of them. Basic economics.About 10 decades of the increasing saturation of our culture with extremely unhealthy practices, like sugar, tobacco, and alcohol.Well The cost of everything has risen. The value of money has just went down from decades ago.Because prices generally have risen over the years.A number of factors. There are fewer privately run homes now than ever before. The homes tend to be part of large groups nowadays and as so have the profit motive more in mind. They have to employ professional managers to run the homes whereas the private homes were under the care of the proprietor and partner. . . Values of suitable properties have escalated and with them the costs charged for care. The guaranteed minimum wage would enter into the equation as well. Care assistants were always paid low wages but now have a higher hourly rate laid down by EEC.To name a few... more managers, fewer homes, people living longer (thankfully!!) but it means more expensive long-term care etc., and probably shortage of people entering the nursing/caring professions.
to put it in short,the positive effects of inflation are it pushes growth and increases production.to understand thiss better,u must first be able to understand why inflation takes place.. Inflation is the result of too many ppl going after too less goods.eg.10 ppl going wanting to buy the 1 house.what happens is the price of the house goes up.now seeing that there is demand for houses,investors will invest in houses.This leads to spending and therefore growth in a bigber picture.This is the advantage of inflation. . The disadvantage is that,it sometimes drives prices up so much that a majority of the ppl can not afford to buy the good.This happens when demand rises for the product but supply remains the same(maybe since it has reached full employment equilibirium).positive effect of inflation is that you will pay less on fixed rate loans.  The negative are obvious.A small amount of inflation is often viewed as having a positive effect on the economy. One reason for this is that it is difficult to renegotiate some prices, and particularly wages, downwards, so that with generally increasing prices it is easier for relative prices to adjust. Many prices are "sticky downward" and tend to creep upward, so that efforts to attain a zero inflation rate (a constant price level) punish other sectors with falling prices, profits, and employment. Efforts to attain complete price stability can also lead to deflation, which is generally viewed as a negative outcome because of the significant downward adjustments in wages and output that are associated with it.. Inflation is also viewed as a hidden risk pressure that provides an incentive for those with savings to invest them, rather than have the purchasing power of those savings erode through inflation. In investing inflation risks often cause investors to take on more systematic risk, in order to gain returns that will stay ahead of expected inflation.. However, in general, inflation rates above the nominal amounts required to give monetary freedom, and investing incentive, are regarded as negative, particularly because in current economic theory, inflation begets further inflationary expectations.. . Increasing uncertainty may discourage investment and saving. . International trade: If the rate of inflation is higher than that abroad, a fixed exchange rate will be undermined through a weakening balance of trade. . Shoe leather costs: Because the value of cash is eroded by inflation, people will tend to hold less cash during times of inflation. This imposes real costs, for example in more frequent trips to the bank. (The term is a humorous reference to the cost of replacing shoe leather worn out when walking to the bank.) . Menu costs: Firms must change their prices more frequently, which imposes costs, for example with restaurants having to reprint menus. . . for more pl. visit:. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/InflationThe effect depend on the prevailing situation. A moderate, gradual price rise is gud. Like 3% per year. Because when the producers of goods want to raise their standard of living, they will deamnd highr price for products, causing inflation. This shows that they're improving economically.. . But sometimes, prices are raised in illegal ways, so that only owners get profit, not workers. Their salary doesn't increase. That's a problem.There are no positive effects of inflation.  The negative effect:  it screws up the way we count.  For example, gasoline prices go up, causing the price of commodities to go up, causing the demand for wages to go up.. Inflation is largely the fault of government over spending and over borrowing, just creating more money to pay the bills.  Keep government under control, and you keep inflation under control.No Commentspositive-rich people survive.negative-poor people sufferThe positive effect is that you have more currency in your hand and that satisfies your ego and increases your sense of well being. The negative effect is that the less privileged and the poor will suffer more, and will find it difficult to make their both ends meet.
Marginal means additional utility on consumption of  additional / next unit. A situation  when the additional utility obtained from consumption of next unit  diminishes. And when we are totaly satishfied it may even be negative.Marginal Dimnishing Utility. . Human utility dimnishes with consumption.. For Example: Suppose you are hungry and you have 3 pizzaz to eat. Notice that you will find first pizza the most satisfying one and delicious one, if you go on eating the second one, it would be less satisfying and may be too much to digest.. . Same is the case with water for examplethis is the concept that the more you consume the less you enjoy it.. . think of drinking a juice. the first sips are great but after drinking three liters you don't enjoy it anymore.
Would you like fries with that?What do you mean?. . To get an Honours degree in Psychology you can take whatever courses you want, unless you have an anti-requisite or need a pre-requisite).. . I hope that is what you mean. . . With an Honours degree, you can do clerical stuff for a mental health professional.. . With a Masters you can be a professor and work as a couselor under the supervision of a Doctor.. . With a PhD. you can do clinical work without supervision, you can get your own practice, etc.. . Don't stop without your Masters but strive for your PhD.It's a beginning and worthwhile if you're interested in psychology, as I am. It'll probably be a bachelor of science degree. You'll need a masters degree to get work actually using your psychology education, for instance as a licensed professional counselor. If you plan to teach, you'll need a doctoral degree.It's generic in the sense that you will take courses in a number of different subdisciplines.  You will take classes in neuropsychology, developmental, industrial/organizational, or other areas of psychology.  To some extent, you may be able to focus on one area more than others when you are taking upper-level electives, but you still will cover several areas in survey courses.  In contrast, graduate-level study in psychology is highly specialized, where you apply to a program for one specific area.  For example, I could talk your ear off about social psychology, but I'd be clueless if I had to explain a technical neuroscience article.  I could maybe talk about basic brain structures and functions, but that's not what I study in depth.I'm not sure what you mean by generic but almost every school will accept the transfer credits just check it out with that school. Otherwise if you wanted to get a job with that degree you'll need at least a masters. If you wanted to be a professor and pretty much have your own publisher you'll need a doctorate. I hope I helped, Good luck with whatever you're trying to to.It is not generic at all, the only chance of getting it is if you study for it and earn it, nothing like that is simply generic.
because they never evolved/were designed to.. . We'd have to have hollow bones, outrageously rapid metabolisms, and instead of sitting around asking, pondering and answering goofy questions like this, we'd have to be out stuffing our faces right now, with the highest calorie grub (or grubs) we could beg, dig, root, kill or steal.because they don't got wingsBody too heavy .... Wings too small...because birds can flyThey can fly.....Or wings were clipped at birth.  Such is the curse of mankind.  I guess we'll have to make do with machines.why you say men and women cannot fly? just think where you likee to go then you fly to the destination like paris or tokyo or whatever. and you can dream that you can fly tooBecause they don't have wings.Well men/women cannot fly but they hav made machines which makes them feel that they r flying .. . One more thing that some magicians who hav got control over their mind hav the ability to fly.But not very high.because they are not using Michael Jordan's tennis shoes. . :> peace. .yahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Knowing is not enough; we must apply that is where intelligence (or wisdom) comes in!. . It is a thousand times better to have wisdom without education than to have education without wisdom.  There would be no  point of having the education of knowledge (knowing facts -or things) and not having the intelligence to use it in any way.knowledge is things you know, but intelligence is how you use it.Without looking up the answer as most do online before they answer, I'll tell you what I've learned.  Learned... interesting way to start out.  Knowledge is LEARNED.  Intelligence, or acumen, is our ABILITY to learn.  In other words, let's use an analogy like eating.  Knowledge/Learning is food, and intelligence/ability is your stomach.  Knowledge:Food as Intelligence:Stomach. . Kind of one of those things you'd see on an IQ test... . One thing is equal to, or the same as...   How much you can learn depends merely on your appetite or how much food you can eat.  Knowledge is the food of the soul they say, but w/o the proper intelligence to understand/CONSUME (stomach size), then all the information/data/schooling in the world won't matter or make a difference really if you don't have the adequate potential.. . So, knowledge is everything in the world, all the information that is.  Intelligence is your ability to absorb it and understand it.Knowledge is information one has processed, gained. Intelligence is the ability to gather knowledge. So if someone is very intelligent, they are able to absorb, learn more complex information. Intelligence is fairly stable over lifetime, knowledge level is more fluid, hope this helpsKnowledge is what is known. Like the related concepts truth, belief, and wisdom, there is no single definition of knowledge on which scholars agree, but rather numerous theories and continued debate about the nature of knowledge.. . Knowledge acquisition involves complex cognitive processes: perception, learning, communication, association, and reasoning. The term knowledge is also used to mean the confident understanding of a subject, potentially with the ability to use it for a specific purpose.. . . Intelligence is a property of mind that encompasses many related mental abilities, such as the capacities to reason, plan, solve problems, think abstractly, comprehend ideas and language, and learn. In common parlance, the term smart, metaphorically used is frequently the synonym of situational and behavioral (i.e. observed and context dependent) intelligence.. . Although many regard the concept of intelligence as having a much broader scope, for example in cognitive science and computer science, in some schools of psychology, the study of intelligence generally regards this trait as distinct from creativity, personality, character, or wisdom.. . Here's the link for Knowledge : . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knowledge. . Here's the link for Intelligence : . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelligent. . Feel free to contact me :)knowledge is what you know, intelligence is the ability to understand what you are learning.Intelligence is the ability to gather, process, and use knowledge.  Knowledge is the information learned from study or experience.I think knowledge is what you know. and . intelligence is how you use what you knowKnowledge is factual information, things you learn. It is part of intelligence, but not the only facet of it.. . If you go with the theory that intelligence can be divided into crystal and fluid intelligence... crystal encompasses the knowledge (facts, information, recall, etc). Fluid intelligence is application, adaptation, and problem solving. . . The Wechsler scales look at a lot of different areas in determining IQ, they divide it into verbal and performance scores, and these are derived from several subtests, which also include processing speed, retention, and others. . . Here is a decent summary of the WAIS: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wechsler_Adult_Intelligence_ScaleIn my opinion, I think intelligence and knowledge are both acquired but intelligence is more like knowledge applied-- knowledge in work. OR, I used to look at intelligence as a form of knowledge that is aquired via various aspects of the human experience, not just books or literature.. . The two terms are almost defintitely interchangeable, unless you want to get philosophical about it.  There used to be a time where I would really dissect the two terms, but, I am older now and realize I have spent too much of my life in deep thought and contemplation and none of those "deep concepts" really matter.knowlege is what you know and intelligence is how good you are at understanding concepts and rembering them as well as having good viewsIntelligence, is born in you...some more, some less...knowledge is obtained.Knowledge is data.  Intelligence is processing speed.Knowledge is data, and intelligence is needed to use and manipulate it.. An encyclopedia has a lot of knowledge and no intelligence.i think knowledge is how much book smarts u have and intelgence is how much street smarts and book smarts u have. either that or they mean the same damn thingI think they go hand in hand. Intelligence is ability, but its useless without knowledge, which is learned. Knowledge isnt possible without intelligence.I agree.  Knowledge is what you have been taught, what you have learned.  Intelligence is what you do with it, how you apply it.I'll give you a real life example:. . intelligence: what my ex-husband lacked to exercise during our marriage.. . knowledge: what the ex-husband gained from his experience during our divorce.Knowledge is what life has taught you. Intelligence is your ability to gain more knowledge and apply it to your life.
It is probably your fight or flight response mechanism to grave danger. People are different and have completely different  FOF's. There are tricks to learn to calm yourself downbecause  not all of these situations are truly life or death. SOme even do this for simple ordinary things such as boarding a flight or going up the stage to say something in front of many people.. Do breathing exercises and visualization techniques.Those are classic symptoms of anxiety/panic attacks.. . There are natural methods of handling this (i.e., deep breathing) or you can speak to a doctor about a prescription such as Ativan or Klonopin.It's normal, it's anxiety. Most people have a fear of what they may face so you just don't want to really confront it. Your body gives off warning signs to this, it's why some people when they make speeches they have such a great fear that they may just vomit upon stage. I'm not sure about the extreme measures of anger having the same effects, but I'm sure each person has some way these things work. I'm sorry I couldn't help you much more.Sounds like a panic attack or an anxiety attack...should see someone about that...Those are symptoms of a panic or anxiety attack.  You should talk to a professional.  They have great medications to calm you down.Sounds like anxiety/panic attack.. Go to anxietypanic.com  and scroll down to symtoms.Sounds like panic attacks.  You might wat to see someone about it.  There are meds available to stop those symptoms.
It's not spiritual rape unless the "victim" sees the "rapist" do the act.  However, if the "victim" doesn't see the act or know about it - which is usually the case - then it isn't "spiritual" rape because nothing happened to the "victim".Thats just a forum of control the "Church" see's masturbation as a sin but we all know that everyone wacks off. Its the safest sex you can have. If you don't do it in 3 weeks or more you'll make a mess in your pants. . . If you watch the movie "GO" they talk about something and trust me once you can do this it makes sex 100 times better.
I'm in the same boat.  Except I'm 2 years older than you.  I think getting that degree is psychology was a big mistake.  I tend to over-analyze everything.  :P  . . Anyway, clearly I don't know the answer.  There's a good book with people who have struggled with this very same question.  It's worth a read.  It's called, "What Should I Do With My Life?"  by Po Bronson.best thing is while you're figuring this out pay off your debt and learn the basics of personal finance and investing,so no matter what you decide  you'll be financially secure.peace!. . VinSit back...think about what you love the most. What are you more passionate about than anything? Then do it.what ever makes you happy/ everyone has a picture in their mind  on what they want to be as a grown up/ but life is never perfect and fall under jobs you never imagine doing, just to survive.u could teach pychology. u could write a help column for a newspaper or magazine. gosh, i dunno; the world is a big, big place. u could get on a plane and be a social worker in Africa! my bf always tells me that i can do whatever i want. And even though i can't in all reality, he is right. i can do whatever i want, who is stopping me? but, u might think this is a big decision, but maybe it is just a stepping stone to something even bigger. Lots of people our age don't have their lives together....join the crowd. ur not alone. :)there is no magic answer.  i think the quest for the answer to "what should i be when i grow up" is very common among our age group.  there are so many options and college makes us think we can be anything we want.  problem is, what do we want to be??  i majored in sociology and had all sorts of ideas about what sounded like the right thing to be, but when it comes down to it, the reality of a full workday doing those things, day after day, was not what i had in my mind at the time.  in other words a lot of it comes down to personality and what suits you best.  the best advice i can give is to get out there and work in different jobs and learn as you go... most of this cannot be planned.  you figure it out as you go.  enjoy the process!
She has a great personality?I guess you could describe specifics, like hair/eye color, etc, but just give the overall generality that the person is kind of ordinary, not beautiful, but certainly not ugly.Gee, I thought it did mean rather ugly.  But then, I'm ugly, and so is everyone but Charlize Theron and my darling son, if you went by me... OK, no, we're all plain, that's all.. So, yeah, someone who not only isn't the most beautiful person, but who just doesn't try to pretend, either.  Some people are awful without their haircut that frames the face, etc., but they give it their best shot. And some people just don't feel the need. And those people are plain.The same way you describe anyone else's looks. Tell everything you can about colors, sizes, shapes, etc. You can describe anything if you think hard enough!there's more 2 em...u noe, there's more than 1 characteristic!!!I usually say they blend into the background real well.I would say a plain person is someone who looks average, they don't have any uniqueness to hier apperence and they dress plainly
The Bureau of Printing and Engraving issues money to the Federal Reserve Banks as needed.  The process of creating money creates seignorage, which is in essence a profit to the government equal to the value of the money created minus its production costs.. . The government has three ways of getting money, borrowing, seignorage and taxation.  It avoids using seignorage, except trivially, because it is highly inflationary and can have terrible consequences for the economy and the Republic.. . So, when money wears out, the Federal Reserve puts in an order for additional money from the Treasury.  Additionally, as the existing supply of money begins to show strains as insufficient due to the growth of the economy, pressure is put on the Treasury by the banking system to create more money through seignorage to keep enough in peoples pockets to keep the system functioning.  If money becomes short, banks pay higher interest rates in order to have enough money to function.shhhhhhhhhhhhh, it's a secret ? , and is a matter of national security. we don't want anyone having sensitive information that may use for subversive means.
It's an old saying but worth repeating..... "The only real failure is not trying and failing but rather failing to try".....ask it again?1.  You don't believe you deserve to succeed.. . 2.  At an unconscious/subconscious level to secretly gain revenge on a significant other.  Eg: 'They did this to me so I will punish them by being a failure'.. . 3.  Do we really fail....or is it that we just haven't succeeded yet?. . 4.  We believe that life is hard and success is difficult to obtain because that is what we have been told.  Therefore we believe it is cheating to succeed easily and in a short time.. . 5.  Because we don't want success (at whatever we are trying to succeed at) enough.  For us to be successful, we need to feel passionate about what we are doing.  We need to enjoy the journey too!. . 6.  Do we ever (even for 10 seconds) visualise ourselves succeeding?  If not, ask why?  And try it.  Say, three 10 second (or whatever time span you choose) time outs each day just to visualise an image of sucess.  See it, feel it, be it!. . MOST OF ALL BEGIN TO BELIEVE IN OURSELVES.I bet you don't fail at everything, it is probably that you have low self esteem and BELIEVE that you fail at everything. Practise makes perfect and if you really want to succeed at something you CAN, you just need to put your mind to it. . There is a saying I heard once "reach for the moon and if you fall short you will always land on a star" - Don't look at everything as a failure - even if you only see a small positive.Its not all whatever you do is failer. Go get a note book right now and start to dot down everything you have not failed at. Also mark all the things you think you have failed at. Everytime you remember one of them write it in. Do this for aleast 7days. From the time you wake up until bedtime. At the end of the 7days you might find out something new about yourself..               Take care.Unfortunately, some people are like that, no matter what they do or how hard they try, for some unknown reason things just won't go right for them, I sympathise with you as I have a friend with the same problem.Because you go in to it with that attitude that's why! . Did no one ever tell you  to be confident in yourself and you shall succeed?!Because you have a pessimistic view. Outside of that, you don't have a positive role model to encourage and motivate you to succeed.Ever heard of self prophesy?   Try the power of positive thinking, if you expect yourself to fail, trust me you will.     Try visualising yourself  succeeding and you will.     There was two teams of basket ball players of which one team practised each night for a week, and the other team who simply visualised, and that team went on to win every game they played.    Tell yourself you are a looser or a winner and you will become just that!   Try it!!!!  It works 99% of the time.sometimes we feel as what we do simply isn't enough and we thing badly of ourselves.  It's okay I know that feeling, and never think that your best isn't enough because there's nothing better than that.  I used to feel like that a lot.  Maybe you'd feel better if you spent time with loved ones, they could make you feel much better than what anyone will have to say on this.  good luck!Good question why do you or is the answer do you relay. do you set goals that you know you cant achieve, do you try to claim things that are not ready to be claimed. Ask yourself 3 questions first. do you need it , do you want it , can you do it , if you cant answer 2 of the 3 with a positive yes then look for something else then you will see that you will not fail but that you will develop and succeed in the things that you failed in in the past. . Try it but be honest with yourself.that's the important part.Failure is simply a state of mind..  Many of life's failures are people who did not realise how close they were to success when they gave up. . Thomas A. Edison (1847 - 1931)because you don't believe you can do it. The first step is to believe in yourself, if you don't nobody else will. second step preparation is 90% of the job. do your research right and anything is possible.DONT LISTEN TO ARSEHOLES.. . Nobody is perfect right away. If you make mistakes, try again and learn. Find something you like and take your time to develop the skills you need.. Don't expect too much too soon.. Everyone is shitting after a bad fish and chips.. And so are you!coz u always expect to fail more than to pass
Prove your talents to become famous.. Work on your advertizing as well.Umm...i suggest that you actually try to tell people and help other people such as the "scientific community" like in a way you can try applications if you are a prodigy like even post out for some genius activities. such as trying out for special volunteers in math contests or science fairs. there you can show the public your special genius whee you can also speak to your school about your intellectual mind where you will take a special test to see your maximum capability there you can start to build your level. from there people will recognize you even colleges if you are the true prodigy that you say you are. you can also volunteer in special colleges and try out for teaching offer if you are so smart that you have already gotten all your degrees. you can give lectures trust me no scientist judges by the age of someones to find how smart they are but how smart and how well they can comply with the basic foundations of science so lectures can help other people and scientists see you maximum capabilities and help the public recognize you.well keep your head upprove them to the world, oh great one!!!!Now, if you only knew how to spell. Then, you could claim that you are the total package."build a better  mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.". i think it is great that you want to be a scientist, but it is no way to become famous. that is not a good motive for a scientist.In life talk is very light in weight, but action is what moves our world. If you are really that talented, then your talent will expose you without asking. Just continue to excell in all that you do and the resr will come knocking at your door....KECK
A strong economy. I trade in Foreign Currencies. One thing I notice is when a war or something of the such get started many people in Asian countries move their money into either the USD or the Swiss Franc for stability and to protect their assets.Stability and trust.. VRIt is backed up by the us gov. and economy. That is stronger backing then almost any other currency.
Your brain is regaining some more oxygen and causes the rest of the body to jolt back to life because it went a few seconds without receiving any signals from the brain telling it to move.. . Making yourself pass out is very dangerous. If you're doing that, then stop it.  Unless your really good with CPR, you could make someone pass out and not be able to revive them, and even then there aren't any guarantees.Well, than stop mambo jambo or hip hop, than u body wont shake,cause are life suck so bad the first time the brain isn't watching the body trys to get away, what you are seeing is the body running with no where to go ! .......or maybe not?seeing something a couple of times does not make a trend. i have seen this many times and only rarely anything resembling shakesI don't know the answer but I know the shake you are talking about from my teen years. We used to do the passing out thing. Wonder how many brain cells we lost doing that.. .  Anyway, it resembles a mini seizure. It's neurological I think. And not good for the human body whatsoever.
Probably to feel bonded and to relate.  Kind of like a gang.Men form cliques too, they just dont call the that. Humans form groups or cliques to make them feel safer, as if they belong to a protective group of like-thinking people. It gives people a sense of belonging. Remember, we are tribal creatures and have been for a few hundred thousand years. It's part of our instinct.To feel like they belong somewhereIt has to do with human's origin in a hunter and gather society.Forming cliques helps people feel like they belong somewhere. If we didnt we would all be living under a rock somewhere. It helps us identify who we are and also help to build our self esteemFor the same reasons men do. They bond and usually have a lot in common.it is from evolution...men hunt and women nest
Because in history, Vienna was the cultural, economic and political centre in Europe.  It was the capital of the  Austrian Empire.Why do you keep asking the same question all over the place?The Austrians are really *nuts* about the science.. . Re the german steryotype,  ask them. They have thier own national Answers site (see flags below). Be warned though, I almost guarentee that your Q will get bounced and barred, no matter how diplomatic you put it. . . In fact, all answerers to this Q try the germans yourself. See if you all get the same response as I didThey had more mentally challened people than anywhere else. Hitler was Austrian (his real name was Shicklegrubber or something like that)Perhaps cocaine was very easily obtained in Austria during the late19th early 20th Century......
Someone who doesn't believe in the existence of Goda·the·ist    (th-st) KEY  . . NOUN: . . One who disbelieves or denies the existence of God or gods.A President who drops bombs.an athiest is someone who doesnt believe in god....me.Atheist....it's pretty much a belief in no supreme being or religion. These people believed that things exists the way they are.Atheist-Someone who does not believe in Godatheist !. someone who doesnt believe in any religionsomeone who doesn't believe there is a GodSomeone who does not believe in GOD.An atheist is a person who does not believe in or practice any religion. My father was an atheist and my mother is BIG TIME christian. How they ended up together is a mystery to me.Someone who doesn't believe in God.its spelled, atheist and that is a person who denies or disbelieves the existence of a supreme being or beings. For example God.A person who does not believe in God or any higher power.Atheist is who is the disbelieving in the existence of deitiesA person that does not believe in a Deityone who doesn't believe in god. a (without): theism (belief in god)Atheist. Comes from Greek. A-Theist (Theo) A: with out. Theo: God. So an atheist is that with out a God, that who does not belief. . That is not the only option referring to those who do not belief in God´s existence. There are also the Agnostics. Gnosis means knowledge. So an agnostic is that person who does not "knows" about God. . One makes reference to belief and the other to knowing about. Since God can not be seen I can say nothing about his existence in reference to scientific affirmation. That is mentioned by Kant) But yet i can belief in him.If you mean atheist, then it means a person who doesn't believe in god or other supreme beings. In other words, no religious following.An atheist is someone who does not believe in and God. They do not believe that there is a God.an atheist is some one who does not believe in a supreme deity.. a (without) -  theist (belief in god or one who believes in god)Atheism is the disbelief[1] in the existence of deities.[2][3][4] It is commonly defined as the explicit (i.e., conscious and deliberate), positive rejection and denial of theism;[5][6] however, others—including most atheistic philosophers and groups—define atheism as the simple absence of belief in deities[7][8][9] (cf. nontheism), thereby designating many agnostics and people who have never heard of gods, such as newborn children, as atheists as well.[10][11] The former, narrower usage defines atheism positively, as the belief that no gods exist; the latter, broader usage, however, defines atheism negatively, as the absence of belief in gods. In recent years, some atheists have adopted the terms strong and weak atheism for the former and latter, respectively, to clarify whether they consider their stance one of positive belief or of negative unbelief.[12]. . Many self-described atheists share common skeptical concerns regarding empirical evidence for spiritual or supernatural claims. They cite a lack of evidence for the existence of deities. Other rationales for atheism range from the personal to the philosophical to the social to the historical. Additionally, while atheists tend to accept secular philosophies such as humanism, naturalism and materialism, they do not necessarily adhere to any one particular ideology, nor does atheism have any institutionalized rituals or behaviors.[13]The total and complete opposite of a theist.. . It's like;  Which came first, the worshipper of the God or the denier of the God?. . I personally would like to see one cross the road to get to the other side...  Heh hehTechnically, most of these answers are correct.  What is missing is that in order for there to be no superior being as determined by the atheist, they themself must be the superior being...as the one determining that there is no other superior to them.  In other words, atheists don't believe in a superior being because they believe themselves to be the most superior.  They believe themselves to be God...or at least place themselves in the position of God.  But since they claim not to believe in a God, it's an interesting paradox.. . A true atheist would be one who would not bother to call themself an atheist...they would not bother with even creating an answer to the question of God, as they would believe that there is no question to answer.  They would have no opinion on Christianity or any other religions...which many so-called atheists seem to have a strong opinion on.. . If somebody told you the sky was falling, how much effort would you put into making sure everybody else thought the person was nuts?  Probably not much as, in your estimation, it would be obvious.  So why are these so-called atheists so determined to speak out against any deity?  Perhaps they are not really so sure of themselves and, therefor, are not really atheists...just people hiding behind a title.  Trying to hide from God behind anything is futile.
The simple explanation is that if you believe that you posses certain triats (behaviours) you will eventually display these traits. . . the easiest example would be; if you believe that you will fail at something, you will. . . similar personality theories would be Locus of control. this is whether you consider the actions in your life to be affected by internal (you) or external (everything else) sources that affect your lifeBandura's idea of self efficacy are basically the strength and belief in oneself to be able to do something. For example drinkers with high self efficacy levels (re their drinking) are more likely to be able to abstain from alcohol.. . 'I have no control of my drinking' eg of low efficacy statementExpectancy, although I would contend that it is not the same concept...but some treat them as the same.I'll tell you what it says in my A-Z Psychology handbook (second edition):. . Self-efficacy is a term referring to the belief that we can perform adequately in a given situation. When applied to health, self-efficacy beliefs are important in shaping unhealthy behaviours into more healthy ones. For example, we may choose not to diet because we believe that for us, dieting will not work or we will not able to keep to the strict regime. Self-efficacy may also be based on our observations of others' performance ('If she couldn't do it, what hope do I have?') or on our observations of our own emotional states ('I wouldn't be very good company, I'm a bit down at the monent').. . Hope that helps.
because you're going to be abused by whoever the celebrity is that you're assisting!ditto.b.c celebrities tend to be egotistical and very controlling, and you would prob be abused my them in many different ways!! and if u can handle all the afore mentioned credentials then ur good to go...u can handle a pig headed celebrity
simple games like Concentration and Memory are very good exercises for the brain. the brain is a muscle and performs better with exercise and trainingThere is no better way to train the brain than to practise. Practise, practise and practise !! Use your finger or a pen to follow the word you're reading. Read loudly and clearly. Read & understand the information. Keep a thesaurus and a dictionary handy. Also, consult teachers for the toughest of problems, but only after you have tried it for long. Above all, revise and review whatever you've learnt.. . Happy Learning !!one man's meat is another man's poison.  it may work for me but not for you.  think of ways to concentrate and imagine that you are in the scene of your studies.  if geography, imagine that you are conducting studies on why so much rain is falling, etc etc.  when you understand better, you remember better.  trySet it all to rhyme....just like you did in your question..... "train=brain=retain". LOLby proper positive thinkingaccording to my experience , never worried for that what  u have remember. anylaisis is most important than other thing to learn every thing  . u always tried to explain in self expression that thing which u have  read or studying. continuty is most important to earn own memorry  . do u know that u have great account of knowladge  in yr mind than  the knowladge of tipps.ok first apply it than mail to me on" sandeep_gautamagr@yahoo.co.in"u r over confident u feel that u can study fast, it might be true 4 u coz after studying u feel u got everything completely but it isn't true try studying by writting it will definitely work .when u study something try to connect all the things, when u take a topic to study u should have 6 ques in ur minds when?why?how?who?what?which? abt ur topic.i think making MIND MAPS 'll help u..using this method u can make notes using only key words n images..easier to remember n review.. try it.
they might resemble.. but you can also observe their behavior when writing it, i mean their hand position or their loops.... its not only with the similarity of appearance but the intensity of each letter or line... these all represents a lot of characteristics...graphology? to me it means that there are two people with similar handwriting. it happens.It could mean one of these persons copied from the other.It can mean they are similar in personality but you really need to know what specifics to look at. There can be a heap of small variables that mean differ ant things.. Try this site.. http://www.businessballs.com/graphologyhandwritinganalysis.htm
knowing your facts, making good presentation is something which you must have.  To speak confidently, I find myself lost when i realize that many pairs of eyes looking at me and I can only look at one pair at a time.  That puts me off and mental block can occur.  So I thought of this - looking at the forehear /  hair of each person and keep moving from one person to the next.   Personally, I usually would be able to speak confidently and does not lose my train of thought.  It works for me!get really drunk firstTry looking at the articles at http://publicspeaking.hammocksurvivalguide.com/. There's lots of good advice that might help you.You might want to take a look at this site as it has some excellent suggestions to address the pre-presentation jitters. I wish you all the best of luck with your presentation.i have been to alot of speaking engagements and i think the key is to really know your subject and also engage in crowd interaction. give them a handout to follow or hand out a questionaire the more you make them feel comfortable the more you will ease any intenseness.I`ve heared,read and watched on tv that having sex helps a lot,don`t know how true it is.This changes for everybody, but I found for myself, that the real key during public speaking is to know my subject so well that I don't have to think about the words that I am saying. Instead I can focus on speaking at a good rate, and clearly. . . It is really all about confidence though, and sometimes the only way to gain confidence is to gain experience.Get some practice in public speaking.  If you belong to a church, ask to be allowed to read the Scripture passage during the service.  If not, take a night school class in public speaking.  If your speaking engagement is coming up soon, most of those who have answered before me (and I'm sure those who answer after me) have good suggestions.  Be sure to read them
they just changed their corporate tax regs, their main exports are on the fritz (oil/gold price fallouts), and the there's been a fair decline in M&A activity into Canada...  also, when you factor in regressive growth issues and declining inflation concerns, you've got a pretty good argument for the Canadian central bank to start easing interest rates.... . as they ease interest rates that will stimulate economic activity and would be one way for the country to avoid getting hit really hard by the backlash of decreased exportsTheoretically, when you reduce the interest rate, local companies will have easier time to borrow money to increase and improve their productivity. With lower interest rate, consumer will also find it unattractive to keep their money at the bank. They will instead, spend their money on local products and services or invest in local companies' stocks.
A dream is the experience of envisioned images, sounds, or other sensations during sleep. The events of dreams are often impossible or unlikely to occur in physical reality, and are usually outside the control of the dreamer, (except in the case of lucid dreaming, in which the suspension of disbelief is broken and the dreamer realizes that he or she is dreaming—being sometimes even capable of changing the oneiric reality around him or her and controlling various aspects of the dream).Dreamers may experience strong emotions while dreaming. Frightening or upsetting dreams are referred to as nightmares. Episodic evidence also exists for precognitive dreams. The scientific discipline of dream research is oneirology.Your not dead when your'e asleep! You're just thinking, without any  'waking' distractions. You're not deaf, either - in fact - the only sence you loose is your sight. Worries and fears turn into nightmares.Dreaming is healthy, it releases the electricity from the brain, means the the brain gets rest.. When a person takes sleeping pills that sleep is not a real relieve from the brain and actually not a real sleep.. Dreams are the deepest toughs in our thinking, while we sleep.. When it are bad dreams it become nightmares, what mostly gives solutions to problems in the day.When you dream, its just your minds way of thinking. People think just about all the time, so sleeping is no barrier. Its also a kind of way for u 2 work through any problems. Thats why it sometimes feels like a fresh start when u wake up each day.Dreams are brain activities at night.  We always do, remembering is another issue.  When you have nightmares, that reflects your fear you experience in reality.Dreams. . Definition: The thoughts or mental images of a person during sleep. The Bible refers to natural dreams, dreams from God, and dreams that involve divination.—Job 20:8; Num. 12:6; Zech. 10:2.. . Do dreams in our time have special meaning?. . What have researchers learned about dreams?. . “Everyone dreams,” says The World Book Encyclopedia (1984, Vol. 5, p. 279). “Most adults dream for about 100 minutes during eight hours of sleep.” So dreams are a normal human experience.. . Said Dr. Allan Hobson, of Harvard Medical School: “They are ambiguous stimuli which can be interpreted in any way a therapist is predisposed to. But their meaning is in the eye of the beholder—not in the dream itself.” When reporting this, the “Science Times” section of The New York Times added: “Within the school that places great value on dreams, there are many approaches to finding the psychological message of a dream, each reflecting different theoretical outlooks. A Freudian will find one kind of meaning in a dream, while a Jungian will find another, and a Gestalt therapist will find still another meaning. . . . But the view that dreams have psychological meaning at all has come under strong attack from neuroscientists.”—July 10, 1984, p. C12.. . Can dreams that seem to impart special knowledge come from a source other than God?. . Jer. 29:8, 9: “This is what Jehovah of armies . . . has said: ‘Let not your prophets who are in among you and your practicers of divination deceive you, and do not you listen to their dreams that they are dreaming. For “it is in falsehood that they are prophesying to you in my name. I have not sent them,” is the utterance of Jehovah.’”. . Harper’s Bible Dictionary informs us: “Babylonians had such trust in dreams that on the eve of important decisions they slept in temples, hoping for counsel. Greeks desiring health instruction slept in shrines of Aesculapius [whose emblem was a serpent], and Romans in temples of Serapis [at times associated with a coiled serpent]. Egyptians prepared elaborate books for dream interpretation.”—(New York, 1961), Madeleine Miller and J. Lane Miller, p. 141.. . In the past, God used dreams to give warnings, instruction, and prophecy, but is he leading his people in that way now?. . References to such dreams originating with God are found at Matthew 2:13, 19, 20; 1 Kings 3:5; Genesis 40:1-8.. . Heb. 1:1, 2: “God, who long ago spoke on many occasions and in many ways [including dreams] to our forefathers by means of the prophets, has at the end of these days spoken to us by means of a Son [Jesus Christ, whose teachings are recorded in the Bible].”. . 1 Cor. 13:8: “Whether there are gifts of prophesying [and at times God conveyed prophecies to his servants by means of dreams], they will be done away with.”. . 2 Tim. 3:16, 17: “All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching . . . that the man of God may be fully competent, completely equipped for every good work.”. . 1 Tim. 4:1: “However, the inspired utterance says definitely that in later periods of time some will fall away from the faith, paying attention to misleading inspired utterances [sometimes conveyed in dreams] and teachings of demons.”
Thoughts cause emotions.  Emotions run more freely when using a computer, because the user is anonymous and feels "hidden" from the reactions of others. Therefore, computer interaction can become deceitful, manipulative and possibly hostile. Check out the "politics" section of yahoo answers for some examples...the effect.. Deathhot topics always triggers everyone's nerves...people get hostile myself included.....although I will help if I can....I try to make people laugh alot, sometimes it will offend someone and then. the have to retaliate...but whatever.....I will never report somebody. for anything, I believe in freedom of speech, and I consider. the source...good questionAccording to research emotions are caused by brain chemistry and activity. . Environmental stress can cause a big impact on emotions.
there isn't one, except to torture.to make sure that the female does not feel any pleasure.. this is part of a realigion, im not sure of the name. from africa and asia. they do it to young brides that are getting traded. men wont marry them unless this in done firstIt's a cruel barbaric ritual to ensure that women cannot enjoy sex and the reason they are meant to never enjoy sex is that this is how men feel they can keep their wives loyal and faithful.  So it doesn't matter that they cant enjoy sex with thier husbands either, because women pretty well mean nothing to men other than to serve them and possibly slap around.  . . If women do cheat they are stoned to death, mutilated, or tossed out in the street and no one will help them.  Most women in countries like that commit suicide, most are very young.  This barbaric ritual is usually done to girls around the ages of 9-11 because that is about the time they are married off...usually to grungy old men who buy them for wives off the family.  She has no right to refuse who her father chooses for her husband. . . And we complain about life here.to remove pleasure from sex........ for real....... it is so sex is only done for the purpose of reproduction, at least by the women.There is no useful purpose at all. It is wrong to treat young girls that way.Yup, I concur with the 2 above me.  Clitoral circumcision is just another weapon in the potent arsenal of patriarchy, often religious in motivation.  Consider reading Bell Hooks for general Feminist vigor in the face of such atrocities....Another cultural or religious based way of torturing a female and to put her in her place.  . . The justification for this is that (in the minds of these religions and cultures) is to help the female stay a virgin or not stray -- because they supposedly do not feel any stimulation during sexual contact.  . . This is just sick and the practice (mostly in closed social settings) is finding it is being viewed VERY NEGATIVELY and as a FORM OF ABUSE of FEMALES by the entire world.I wished the males involved in this practice would get their dic* cut off!It's mainly all african and they have the stupidity to call it culture.What it is is torture, and disfirgument. It's like the tribes with the large plates in their mouths(women). Originally it was meant to make the women ulgy so  african and arabian slave traders would not kidnap them to sell as slaves or wives. That the men began to use it as a means of control and theoir own enslavement of females. And ove rthe years it has been so accepted in the tribes that most men will not marry a woman who has not had the plate inserted.  It's plain  male domination and incrimination of women at play,, nothing else.. People who  circumcise women do so to control her, degrade her, and make her disfigured so no one else will want her. in this manner a tribesman can have many wives to support him never fearing soemone else will want them from another tribe.. The shame is that most tribes women goes along with it as they were done so as children themselves.(much like muslim women are dominated, and degraded into believing it's the right thing to do) and as adults with little in life to enjoy they actually turn on their daughters tio d this ot ensure they will get a husband. and like I said they have the  dam nerve to call it culture. even mos tblacks here in america approve it for them.  It sucksthere's no good reason for it. Just overgrown tribal crap, born of superstition and ignorance and buttheaded religious and political beliefs, that removes a shitload of sensitive nerve-loaded tissue and makes sex less enjoyable.. . Just like MALE circumsion. . . The fact that practice has gained widespread acceptance doesn't make it any less buttheaded. And I'm sick of hearing the hygiene stuff used as a justification for it.. . Anybody that can't figure out how to wash his dick shouldn't be trusted with one in the first place. That argument is about as valid as supporting the chopping off of babies' toes so they'll never have to worry about getting toecheese.Circumcision is mutilation, and it is wrong, whether it happens to a girl or to a boy. In the countries where girls are mutilated and in many more countries where girls are not mutilated, they mutilate groups of dozens of boys, they all share the same rusty knife on the same filthy cot..AND NOBODY GIVES A DAMN.. because they think it is not so bad for a boy or they say there is some benefit to the boy for having it done. After fifty years of experience at being circumcised; my husband of thirty years knows there is no benefit to being circumcised, and he was circumcised in a hospital not in a vermin infested shack.. . Circumcision came about to remove as much pleasure from sex as possible, so people wouldn’t be so interested in sex all the time and be willing to spend more time working in the fields, or serving in the army, or worshiping G*d. If they removed anymore from a man, his glans for example, he would not function and he could not produce any offspring to man the army of the king or to work in his fields or to serve G*d. The female has only to receive the sperm to reproduce, so the removal of pleasure can be more extreme.. . Female mutilation is normally carried out by the older females of the clan; who, like their counterparts the circumcised males, often see themselves as being improved and this is something that must be done. The male children are mutilated by the circumcised adult males.. . These barbaric cruelties to children of either sex have no place in an enlightened world.. That what diminishes the least among us in the least way, diminishes me; for no man is an island, entire of itself...any man's torture diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the torturer calls; he calls for thee. .. . While female mutilation is physically more extreme, both are equally morally wrong. As long as mutilation is condoned in this country, who are we to tell the rest of the world . what they do is wrong?No pleasure having sexual intercoursesubjugationGenerally, cultures use this practice to ensure that young ladies do not experience sexual pleasure. It is believed that this will prevent them from having pre-marital relations.its utter nonsense.  there is no medical, religious, cultural value whatsoever.  its continuing subjugation of men against women.  so whichever society is practising it, the female in such communities must have a deep re-look into themselves and start a campaign to stop it.  Men must also be educated that women are not sex objects and should be treated with respectjust like male circumcision the answer would be cleanliness. But just like male circumcision its barbaric and unnecessary.I'm not entirely sure if there is oneSo they dont get camel toes through their pants.NO SUCH THING LOLit is a bad habit. they do so to be sure that the girl will be virgin till marriage by reducing her sex drive
I'm ashamed of the way some people act. I'm an example of how someone should treat others. As a famous man once said, "To have a friend, you must be a friend."Stupid is what Stupid does, but some people abuse the priveledge!! I agree with you COMPLETELY!     :o)I think alot of it has to do with what the person on the other side is actually hearing what the other person was saying. In other words..you can say something, and it can take on a few different meanings to other people. Alot of that comes in to the answers to i would dthink..what you consider to be a idiot answer could be a great answer to someone else.yea, but some ppl r jus tryin to be funny.Quit talking about me. And what does "so idiot" mean?They are so bored and so ignorant they think they are funny and being smart@$$ but they are just infantile idiots who have nothing better to do with their time.hey i agree with you some answers are just plain stupidi agree 100% people ask questions that they really need to know and people just go and answer something and put stupid answers like "i dont know" and if you dont know do answer!!!. . thanks you have a good weekend too!Well there lazy they dont want to read they just want to get more and more pointsHave a nice weekend too!. I always try to give serious/truthful answers but to be honest is the witty/fabricated ones that get you best answers.. Where do you come from?  You phrased that question in a really strange way.  Grammatically it should read:. 'why do some people here seem to be so idiotic when it comes to answering questions?'. Just thought you should know!Welcome to the culture of the click first, think later;. Some people just don't have the tools to be intelligent;. Society is to blame for not giving them intellectual shelter.yes i agree. no i dont. hang on yes i do. um. yes i do. sorry i am not sure. maybe you are right. ok. wait. ok. no i dont agree with you. sorry!Because of idiot like you.  If you're gonna do all that, then make sure your own grammar is adequate.  Yours isn't.  All your other shit sounds like:  "Blah, blah, blah.  I'm a jackass.".Some of them don't even try to give a proper answer.... YOu're  absolutely right.. I get the same kind of answers here in  Brazil.. But there's always someone  to save the  day...yea, I know what you mean. I think they do it to amuse themselves, perhaps, they are bored, I do that sometimes.I agree with you.  Even though sometimes I just go through questions to get points, I do try to give a decent answer.  If I don't have one, I usually move on to another question!. . It seems like some of the questions are wacky too.  But, it's fun....almost addictive!  My housework suffers!There are immature users on this site that get a kick out of bringing others down.Just ignore it.I think the world has always been like this...we just didnt realize how widespread until the age of the internet...we can easily communicate with our neighbors across the world now. . i didnt realize there were as many perverts as there areI agree with you completely that some answers are stupid - but just like some people don't take the time to read the question the whole way through - some people don't take the time to make sure their grammar/spelling is correct and well, that's pretty ridiculous too.  (such as "so idiot" - no offense but it's pretty simple to read your question and/or answer and make sure everything makes sense)Some idiots are just doing what i call "answers questions stupidly just to get 2 points".It's really annoying and does not get the questionee much help.it takes a lot to undue the teachings of do it right and answer properly but some have reach that and beond. it is not just for the points they do it it is striking out and being able to say hey i like doing something that is not right and have fun doing it. sometimes the dumb idiot answers rock better than the good ones. get a sense of humour and learn to use it. some are in bad taste but it makes the one that are in good taste taste all the better. it's not like we really are getting paid. ask a cool question and see what you get. it's like fishin you never know when your going to get a good oneIt's the ones who go out of their way to give rude, hateful, violent and/or sick answers who bother me the most. . . Have a problem with a pet? You'll be told to kill it, abuse it, and so on.. . Ask about a movie? You'll hear how much others hate it, how stupid you are for liking it, or the wonderful 'I don't know' or 'who cares?' answers.I wish I could answer this question for you, but I cannot.  I do not know why people are so inconsiderate these days.  Seems to be happening everywhere a person looks.  I would assume that just because someone can hide behind a computer that they believe they can do whatever they want.  Just goes to show you how stupid some people really are.Well there are some that are stupid. And some that are really really rude. But there are some that offer humorous comments (depending on the question asked) which should be appreciated too. If life was taken so seriously without humour, then we'd have been dead long time ago. :)First things first.. You can not be idiot.  Someone can be IDIOTIC.. so please be careful when insulting others by calling them idiots, because you might just make yourself sound like one. . . And yes, a lot of people on here are stupid and dumb.  They're probably also 14 years old and have nothing better to do.yahoo answers is adictive, In a good sense, the way they set up the point distribution. It drives everyone crazy to get points. That is why many people just answer with stupid answers to get 2 points. That is not a verry good answer because if you just waste a little more time writing up a good answer then you will probably get 10 points which is a much higher and helps move closer to getting to a new level. . maybe someday people will learn.I think most of the people on here with the stupid answers are just trying to get points or they think it's funny. If I had to guess I would say that in their real life they aren't that dumb. Just on the computer.
From experience- being somewhere else is not necessarily going to make you happier. It's usually just a different place- same old stuff. And it's unfortunate that there is no one prescription for happiness. It comes to different people in different ways. I'm personally going through the same basic agonies you wrote here. I don't really like my job or where I live.... and I've only been here since August. I guess one point would be to try and shake up your routine- meet some new people, go volunteer somewhere. Community service really can do a lot to boost you self esteem and feelings that you've done something good.think about what is making you sad then confront it head on. it might make you more sad at firt but later you fell a lot betterFirst of all I wouldnt be able to tell you how to make you happier depending on what kind of a person are you. Some people get happy by traveling and seeing other cultures. Some like to party. You will have to email me what you are like. and why ur sad. then ill tell u a solution.Happiness is not the absence of stress, but the channeling of stress into areas that challenge you to grow. We are happiest when we are engaged, not when we are in limbo. Vacations are for rest. Life is for movement. Start getting active in things that stretch you as a person and you will be happier.the secret to happiness is being content with what you have. if you're content, you don't want anything else, and i'm assuming that would make you happy (to have everything you want).. . good luck!!Find a hobby, or volunteer to help somebody else. Maybe by seeing other people in a worst off position, you will be able to appreiciate what you have to live for.  . Remember that there is always somebody with a harder life then you. Be happy for the simple things such as your health, your family or possibly even having a roof over your head. Read about the Taoist teachings and you will see that there are so many things to live and be happy for without material gains. Good Luck!
jeja vu is a term used for someone who  suddenly feels as if they have been there before.Example: you go into a antique store ok? all of a sudden you feel like you have been there before even if you haven,t,it feels familiar to you,its almost like you were there in another century....Its like familar to you like you have been there,seen it,know about it before....thats why a lot of people believe in reincarnation,they feel as though they were once there in another lifetime..........Weird huh? I have felt that familair feeling myself,but don,t know why...The term canalso be used when you have had  an experience in life,either good or bad,and you see someone going through what you have already been througha nd it brings it all back up to you,its like you are having a deja vu experience....As far Where the word came from im not sure,its probably just a term uses by phycologists..Hope this helpsDeja vu is french, describing the feeling that something re-occurs as a forgotton memory. If I talk about a childhood memory that you never think about, you would be extremely surprised!!! Its a strange feeling as though"someone has stepped on your grave". Not trying to be creeepy here, considering the way I'm signed in.  But that is pretty much the feeling. Makes you feel like a space cadet.D?j?-vu is French and it, literally, means already seen. The expression can also be used (as an adjective) to qualify something as being familiar or common-place.deja vu is french for already saw. You experience something and you get this feeling that you have already done it or seen it even if you have never done it before. Scientist think it has to do with the misfiring of neurons in the brain, that you see something, the neurons fire to tell your brain to analyze it then right after the neurons fire again sending the same message twice making you feel like it is familiarThe term "d?j? vu" (French for "already seen", also called paramnesia) describes the experience of feeling that one has witnessed or experienced a new situation previously. The term was created by a French psychic researcher, ?mile Boirac (1851–1917) in his book L'Avenir des sciences psychiques (The Future of Psychic Sciences), which expanded upon an essay he wrote while an undergraduate French concentrator at the University of Chicago. The experience of d?j? vu is usually accompanied by a compelling sense of familiarity, and also a sense of "eerieness", "strangeness", or "weirdness".
Challenges inspire us to seek answers, whereas obstacles seem to defeat us before we begin.  The optimist will see a challenge, the pessimist will see an insurmountable obstacle.  As long as we see things in the right light, anything is possible.  (not to sound cliche)...If you see barriers rather than challenges that means you quit and quiters never winYeah, sure... trying to trick me?
The posterior part of the forebrain that connects the midbrain with the cerebral hemispheres, encloses the third ventricle, and contains the thalamus and hypothalamus. Also called betweenbrain, interbrain, thalamencephalon.For a lot more information, click below.
It can mean a variety of things. Roughly speaking, though, we can categorise three types, that can sometimes come into confict with each other.. . --'First wave'-- like...the suffragettes.. -an early form of feminsm that is less an analysis of how gender is constructed, or any celebration of female form, bodily rights etc. but rather an attempt to claim masculine definitons for women, or male rights.. -modern feminism rejects these ideas, as they regard the male form as a political ideal to be aspired to, and continue, in fact reinforce, patriarchal rhetoric.. - that is, these people did celebrate femininity, nor questioned it's cultural construction, but continued to think in relatively gender-orthodox terms. . --Second wave-- i.e. um...Cixious. -a more modern feminism, celebrating femininity. -relies on a humanist conception of gender, which is rejected by many academics nowadays. These feminists relied on the very misogynistic rhetoric they were supposedly attacking.. -a basic example: the late 19th century idea of women as essentially irrational -> second wave feminist idea that women are intrinsically 'anti-rationalist', but that is to be celebrated, that rationality is to be rejected. Nevertheless, in such models, women are actually less emancipated than given means to celebrate their positions.. -feminism form the late 70's is more like this than it would like to confess. -takes the experiences of white, middle class, American women and applies them to all women from all time; many modern feminists argue that these theorists neglected the experiences of women in cultures other than their own. -they rely upon orthodox differentiations of gender, rather than questioning. . --'Third wave'-- like, say, Judith Butler. -question how gender and sexuality or culturally constructed, and may be experienced differently for people in a wide variety of socio-economic circumstances.. -argue that 'masculinty' and 'femininity' are arbitrary differentiations that have been thought of differently in a wide variety of cultures. -however, the very recent theorists (Elizabeth Grosz is a name to look into here) have questioned how perhaps in such schemes, the body is regarded as passive recipient of cultural figuring, rather than possessing its own capacity to defy formulation.. . Phew...there you go!It means 'STUPID', because that's what it is.  Men and women aren't equal in abilities, nor will they ever be.  They're equal human beings.It used to mean a person who stood up for equal rights of women.  Nowadays, it stands for womens rights according to the liberal left.. . The book below is VERY good!they hate menbein soft,nice and sexyA feminist is one that strongly supports the principle that women should have equal rights and opportunities as the men.A feminist is a man or a woman who believes women are equal in every way and deserves the same rights and freedoms as a man.. . It's nothing "high-tech" just basic humanity.THIS IS WHERE A WOMAN IS IN HER SELF...A Feminist is one who supports and fights for the genuine cause of women.. . . palnraj. http://www.jobntradeinfinity.com
Well, you've gotten the hang of using the glossary and/or the dictionairy.. . You might consider taking a course in remedial grammar, though.Gee, I dunno, why should we bother to tell you.. . Leitch has a great Anthology out on this stuff.. . Butler and Sedgwick would be great selections to read from it to teach YOURSELF these concepts.... . You DO know that critical Theory is a VAST area to cover, right?. . . There is no one or 2 ontological tenets...there are 100s.... . . The scary thing is, you sound like an upper year College student. Why are you NOT reading this yourself???????
Combine the two.well I'd say that depends on your personal style of learning.  To use distance learning (the internet, not satileite tv) obviously it will be best if you're a verbal learner or visual as you will basically be reading and completing modules.  If you are a better social or audio learner you may get friends to take the class with you so you can discuss the class or maybe read the lessons outloud to yourself or even tape record them.
yes, i think that involuntary actions are very important, and the brain has two types of actions, voluntary and involuntarylet's put it this way: would you rather be having the responsibility of having to inhale and exhale at will when you're sleeping, knowing that when you stop at will, you'll die?A very important involuntary action of the brain is BREATHING...obviously needed to stay alive.
Employees are showing up under their own free will and being paid for it.I think both are the same.....One is respected and one is not.Employee's are paid.A slave is unable to exit a situation, regardless of treatment and with no hope of advancement, without fear of death to themselves and others. An employee can leave.employs are slaves of government,and slaves are people being working for people.. employs get sufficient salary,but slaves get unsatisfied wage.. employs's standard of living is better comparing with slaves.. employs generally suffers with low salary during a financial crisis or during price rise, but if slaves do somewhat a little wrong then they have to suffer from it by giving their whole life to work at that house becausethey are considered culprit for doing either steal or doing any small mistake.being an employee means doing your job, working hard and doing it well, sometimes entails mental and emotional challenges from a perfectionist boss. in exchange you get (sometimes)equal compensation, plus you have employee benefits --health, accident, regular check ups, discounts and all that. a slave means doing the particular job hired for and recieving possible orders from the boss to do stuff that are really not in the scope of work --plus overtime, a little bit of verbal,emotional,mental, physical abuse for nothing or minimal compensation not equivalent to the hard work involved.Slaves had no choice about what work they did. We have consequences of leaving a job but itf they did they could be killed or seriously injured and restrained and only let loose to work and then be restrained again like an animal.. If you have a psychotic boss you have alternatives, slaves didn't.. Also you have rights as an employee, slaves had no rights.
Don't really understand your question but in the first place there is no "world currency". Secondly you seem to be implying that U.S.A. is the only truelly developed country and that is a very long way from the truth.20% of the people will have 80% of the money and the remaining 20% will be divided amongst 80% of the people. Just like it is now.
Sexual arousal is almost always used.  Sometimes very subtle, ie. phallic symbols or women wearing revealing clothes.  They camouflage  sexual shapes in a mind blowing amount of magazine ads. Sometimes, it's in your face like the Carl's Jr. commercial where a barely dressed woman rides and grinds a mechanical bull while eating a hamburger.   (They finally threw some men in there for the ladies with their milk shake commercials...yummy.  At least it's equal now, LOL).Advertising something like deodorant or breath mints aims to get to people's fear of being offensive or disgusting.. . The upbeat and fast talk of the real estate investment infomercials plays to people's need to imagine themselves making a lot of money and associating it with "liveliness".. . Insurance companies may bring up how parents have small children to be thinking about keeping secure (their emotional/intellectual wish to keep their babies/children as well cared for as possible).. . Make-up adds may be aimed at women's emotions when it comes to trying to fend off wrinklesDo your own damn homework.
the reason there holes in the ceiling in the bus if if the bus is in an accident, rescuers need access in every possible way the bus is lying. for example if the buss is lying on its side and the door and windows are mostly covered how would you get out. or if the bus were submerged in water< think about possibilitiesFrom the last gun fight ?
It's a physichal means of expressing yourself about sorrow. Like cutting yourself when your sad, DO NOT ATTEMPT/DO.because you are expressing emotion when you weep as opposed to burying it deep inside where it will come back to bite you in the a**YES crying does help. Also it strengthens the heartdefitnitely..dont hold backcrying is like unleashing a dam.Crying releases the tension in your body. I also cry when I'm real happy. Crying is good for women and men. Just wish more men realized that.It releases your emotion. When your sad, you cry. Its like when you have to go to the bathroom, YOU HAVE TO GO!! Then you feel better afterwards. When you need to cry, you need to cry, and the effect is being in a better mood. It also helps to have a big bowl of your favorite ice cream in front of you when you're sad. That always makes me feel better.
A loser is someone with no friends, no job, no money, etc. The other essential part of the definition is that a loser makes no effort to change his/her situation.  A loser can only be pitied so far, since most of the time it's their own fault they're in that situation.Somebody who doesn't have the guts or the discipline to TRY.Someone who has lost.lfMe!someone who sits on his but all day..has no ambition no hopes or dreams..has no job.does,nt care about anything.we, people wasting time in Yahoo Answers...A person who needs to ask for the definition of a loser.Someone who is a complete failure at everything that they do.Someone who lives in the US, the freest and most prosperous nation in the world and is broke and poor and then expects things that they do not earn.  You have people like me who earn a living by earning it and working hard and smart.  Then you have the losers who want to seize it via taxes and give it to those who have not earned it.   They do so in the doctrine of fairness.  Yet ask them if they will give their money and they hem and haw.  . . Anyone who lives in the US and is poor and complains without doing anything about it qualifies.a loser is someone who is wrong when you ask them something well it is in tyne &wearSomeone who loses everything.literally loser is a person that losers, or fails to do something but if you mean by just calling someone a loser that is because you think they have some kind of a bad personal quality.meJean Pierre is the best definition i can findu ur french?The definition of a loser is when someone accidentally leaves something somewhere and it is never recovered.  Even in that case it is the act of losing the object; the person does not wear that label.. Contrary to popular judgemental beliefs I feel that no one should define one no matter what they are or are not doing.Someone who doesn't learn from their mistakes, is selfish and takes life forgranted.A LOSER IS AND MEANS A PERSON WHO FAILS AT EVERYTHING!! TO SOME PEOPLE IT MEANS NOT POPULAR BUT THATS NO THE TRUE MEANING!!One that loose.Moe S from the Simpsonslos·er (l?'z?r) . n.. . One that fails to win: the losers of the game.. One who takes loss in a specified way: a graceful loser; a poor loser.. . One that fails consistently, especially a person with bad luck or poor skills: “losers at home seeking wealth and glory in undeveloped countries” (Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.).. One that is bad in quality: That book is a real loser.Man who loses key to lady's apartment get no new-keyA person who does not pay child support....loser!well a looser is someone with ,,,,,no job,,,,,,,,,,no house never no money ,,,,,,,A loser is someone most people do not want to associate with. Since people are the ones labeling other people as losers.
Paranoid is only if you think every1 is out to get you. But if they really are out to get you then you're bing realistic.Treating paranoia is similiar to treating anxiety, in fact, paranoia is a facet of anxiety. Soooo, if you need to treat the P you have to find answers to the A.The best bet of a person with paranoia is to visit a psychiatrist and follow the treatment regimen prescribed by him or her.  This usually includes medicine and some adaptive talking therapy.
Just assume that it is time for you to get to know her and be a friend to her.really I need to look my dreams up I had some doozies last night You can look up what someone says is the "meanings" on the internetA dream is the experience of envisioned images, sounds, or other sensations during sleep. The events of dreams are often impossible or unlikely to occur in physical reality, and are usually outside the control of the dreamer. . . only a dreamSpirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your FREE dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly. Just remember where you posted your question, your dream interpretation will be under the same section.Sometimes dreams are just your mind purging random data. . . Sometimes it is your mind playing a game to keep itself occupied while you are away. . . Sometimes it is your mind trying to solve a puzzle it is working on. . . So are you leaving her behind, engaging in a little fun, or trying to work your way back into her life?She is in your subconscious thoughts.Dreams are our mind's vehicle in working out what leftover conflicts and issues we have not solved in our waking moments. Your dreams of this young lady are manifestations of unresolved issues and feelings that are still "hanging" and waiting for you to face up to. You have the unconscious drive to probably meet with this young lady again and try to resolve what it is that is still "up in the air" with your friendship/relationship when you have determined exactly WHAT it is that you wish to communicate to her.. . In order to determine what you wish to resolve with this young lady, you should take the time to dream further. Upon awaking from these subsequent future dreams, write down everything you can remember. You will, each time you dream of this young woman, receive other and new "pieces of the puzzle" to the issue(s) that you wish to resolve. Be patient. In having these very real dreams, your unconscious and the universe are trying to communicate to your conscious self what it is that you must do and say. It may take weeks. Be patient. When you have received all of the pieces of the puzzle, you will be prepared to meet with this young woman. . . Good luck, dear. I use my dreams continuously to make decisions and put together my own puzzles of life! I am now very close, for example in meeting with my precious late maternal grandmother in a realm that has not been discovered yet by science! Exciting!well you probally dreamed about her because you were thinking about her.....subconcious mind hibernation . . if you can think you'll eventually see images before; you bringing to the mind a picture  of the ideas.. so when your actually asleep your mind wonders.. . but these things cannot exist's in you if you havent heard, seen, taste, or smell for the mind to dwell on. . yet a baby that hasnt been born yet and has a well developed brain my dream only on the sinsations it whent through like sucking its thumb, dreaming of a song that was reasently played for the fetus to remember, yet no images are in the unborn babys dreams.a dream unifies the body, mind, and spirit. It provides you with insight into ourselves and a means for self-exploration. In understanding your dreams, you will have a better understanding and discovery of your true self.  So stay awhile -- explore, discover, have fun, make friends, and find out what's in your dream!Dreams are another reality, you must communicate with this girl and tell her that you love her, and then you will be at peaceA dream is the experience of envisioned images, sounds, or other sensations during sleep. The events of dreams are often impossible or unlikely to occur in physical reality, and are usually outside the control of the dreamer. The exception is lucid dreaming, in which a dreamer realizes that he or she is dreaming—being sometimes even capable of changing the oneiric reality around him or her and controlling various aspects of the dream, in which the suspension of disbelief is broken. Dreamers may experience strong emotions while dreaming. Frightening or upsetting dreams are referred to as nightmares. The scientific discipline of dream research is oneirology.. . Dreams have a long history both as a subject of conjecture and as a source of inspiration (artistic or otherwise). Throughout history, people have sought meaning in dreams. They have been described physiologically as a response to neural processes during sleep, psychologically as reflections of the unconscious, and spiritually as messages from God or predictions of the future (oneiromancy).A series of images, ideas, emotions, and sensations occurring involuntarily in the mind during certain stages of sleep.. . Your subconscious usually uses dreams to sort out issues.
basicly a slave; a laboror that is paid very little or paid in landAn indentured servant is one who has been contracted as a slave for a set number of years to pay a debt, and then is free after the time is served.someone who is temporarily obligated to either slavery or just forced servitudeIndentured servants were ones who wanted to go to a new land, America, Australia etc but did not have money to pay for their fare so they would indenture themselves for a period of Usually 7 years to pay off their debt and then they would be free to go about on their own. They were better off than slaves, they were treated better and  there was a light at the end of the tunnel, freedom.An indentured servant was a person who had debts they couldn't pay and to stay out of debtors prison they basically sold themselves in their trade to people who took them on. They were hired at almost no money per week, but they got room and board and just enough of the basics to live. Check out the history of Alexander Dumas' publishing house. You can find out all you ever want to know about almost any subject by posting any question you have on the Library of Congress' website at:  loc.gov.Somebody who is forced to be a servant for a certain number of years. They often live with the family they work for, and are treated slightly better than servants who were slaves for life. Irish and German immigrants were the most common indentured servants.a person who came to America and was placed under contract to work for another over a period of time, usually seven years, esp. during the 17th to 19th centuries. Generally, indentured servants included redemptioners, victims of religious or political persecution, persons kidnapped for the purpose, convicts, and paupers.some one would get shipped over to America by some one and then is supposed to pay off their debt by working. usually about 7 years."Indentured - To bind by indentures or written contract; as, to indenture an apprentice"  www.define.com. . I am guessing that someboday probably said "I'm being treated like an indentured servant."  They meant they felt oppressed, kind of stuck in a situation.Someone working for an American corporation in a Latin American country.
Dreams happens in <REM> sleep and your subconscious takes over that's why you have weird dreams.  Usually dreams are spurred on what we did that day but scientists are still learning more about sleeping habits and dream sequencesdreams happen when you brain is ready to get up, but you're still sleeping. so brains starts entertaining itself by going over you recent experiences and thoughts.A normal person dreams after approximately 30 seconds after he/she closes his/her eyes.... it is the process of our mind to "filter" the memories that should be there and the memories that your mind thought of deleting it in your entire life.....like this exercise.... do you still remember what happened to you on Jan. 1, 1990??? If there is no BIG significant thing that really happened to you during that day... your memory deleted it... and that because of your dreams.... on the other hand dreams is the process of conscious, subconscious, and unconscious mind meeting together "to discuss" what are things should be there in your mind and things that needs to be discarded.. i hope i have help you a little or not makes you more confuse........sorry bout that..... but its really a confusing factor in our life.... the study of our human psyche.....it is very normal , dreams happen in the stage REM sleep or rapid eye movement sleep .. you empty the conflicts and unnessesary infos during dreams .. don't worrySpirita explains your dreams. Visit http://spirita.blogspot.com/ and post your question as a comment. You'll get your FREE dream interpretation (as a comment, too) shortly. Just remember where you posted your question, your dream interpretation will be under the same section.
There's no limits....i think we control how intelligent we can be.  The only difference is that it can be hard or easy for different ppl. . ...are you talking about street smarts or book smarts?That's a really interesting question. I'd think it would be endless. I mean, if you think about it, just our day to day life is a lot to handle, let alone everything we learn at our jobs on a day to day basis, everything we have learned in school, everything we learn on a daily basis in the news, what we read, that's a lot of information to process. I don't think the brain could overload on information, although, learning does not come as easy as it did when we were children...and I heard somewhere that by your early 20's, it is hard for information to really stick and for you to absorb knowledge like you did when you were 3 years old and your mind was like a sponge. But, in those first couple years of life is when we accumulate the most knowledge and take in everything around us. Hopefully our brains can't overload on too much info...personally I think the mind is endless. I think a lot of it has to do with memory too because that is how you remember what you have learned, that is where the information is stored..so possibly, the memory can really limit how fast a person learns and how much of what has been learn is remembered.You can become smart, I believe true intelligence is something one is born with and nurtures its development much like a child.  If you eat healthy foods at the start of your life (studies show certain foods are good for brain development) and then continue on the path of building your brain gradually with stronger and stronger input you will gain intelligence.  I have been reading more challenging information over the years and I have become intelligent on many subjects.  You can also be "book smart" and have no common sense, to me that makes you dangerous.
Pity and sympathy are closely related, but pity implies a feeling of looking down on the person, while sympathy just means you recognize they are having trouble or hardship and you are sorry.  Empathy means you feel the trouble or hardship WITH the person.. . p.s. hplover I think is confusing the word EMpathy with Apathy - Apathy means not caring, having no feelings for the person.Pity seems to talk down to a person and makes them feel worse.  Sympathy and empathy are different in that they respect the person and really try to feel what that person is going through without giving answers.Pity and sympathy are synonyms, meaning to feel a sorrow for someone else, although pity usually implies more of a patronizing tone.  Empathy means you can identify with someone's feelings.. . Regarding the response above -- that person is thinking of apathy; that is when you don't care.Pity is an emotion, usually resulting from an encounter with an unfortunate, injured, or pathetic person or creature. A person experiencing pity will often take mercy on the person/creature, giving them aid or money. Many people pity the homeless, orphans, the terminally ill, and victims of rape and torture.. . Because pity will result in people aiding the pitiful, most people consider it a positive thing. Philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche, however, believed that pity causes an otherwise normal person to feel the suffering of others; "Pity makes suffering contagious," he says in The Antichrist. He felt that it is important not to make oneself feel superior to the person you are taking pity on. This imbalance could result in retaliation against the help. People value their sense of pride, and pity can negatively affect the situation.. Sympathy is an emotional affinity in which whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other, and its synonym is pity. Sympathy comes from the Latin sympatha, from Greek: ????????? transliterated as sympatheia, from ??? + ????? = ???????? literally: to suffer together also: affected by like feelings or emotion. Thus the essence of sympathy is that a person's feelings reflect or are like those of another or that a person suffers as a response to, or because of, another person's suffering.. . Sympathy exists when the feelings or emotions of one person give rise to similar feelings in another person, creating a state of shared feeling. In common usage, sympathy is usually the sharing of unhappiness or suffering, but it can also refer to sharing other (positive) emotions as well. In a broader sense, it can refer to the sharing of political or ideological sentiments, such as in the phrase "a communist sympathiser".. . The psychological state of sympathy is closely linked with that of empathy, but is not identical to it. Empathy refers to the ability to perceive and directly experientially feel another person's emotions as they feel them, but makes no statement as to how they are viewed. Sympathy, by contrast, implies a degree of equal feeling, that is, the sympathiser views the matter similarly to how the person themselves does. It thus implies concern, or care or a wish to alleviate negative feelings others are experiencing.. . Empathy (from the Greek ????????, "to suffer with") is commonly defined as one's ability to recognize, perceive and directly experientially feel the emotion of another. As the states of mind, beliefs, and desires of others are intertwined with their emotions, one with empathy for another may often be able to more effectively divine another's modes of thought and mood. Empathy is often characterized as the ability to "put oneself into another's shoes", or experiencing the outlook or emotions of another being within oneself, a sort of emotional resonance.pity is something you have on people in a bad situation but likely are not that concerned.. . simpathy is real feelings for someone. . empathy is  the worst you feel others pain.The difference is that you have got the spelling of Pity & Empathy correct.Pity- feeling sorry for someone.. Sympathy- Understanding what someone is going thru.. Empathy- ignorant. Not caring.Pity and sympathy are relative to circumstance brought up within.. . A christian or muslim or jew or etc may pity someone who is not one of them because they believe the other will not receive whatever they imagine an afterlife is.. . Sympathy is given to those who have had happen to them what you would not wish upon yourself but often comes with little else.. . Empathy is feeling what another feels and acting in their best interest without personal gain, although in practice it gives you something whereas pity and sympathy only give you credit for the ability to know the difference and categorize your responce in relationship to exclusive rules of engagement.
They need a good shagmaybe they just have something going on in their lives that we don't know aboutI was gonna say they need a hug, but I agree with the first answer. A good romp would probably do them some good.It doesn't mean anything.  It could mean they are a negative person but that doesn't have to be true.  Everyone has an outlook on life.It says their outlook is very bleak!either hateful--spiteful--loner-loser--or all..........Probably going through a rough patch in their life.  Sometimes this place is used as an outlet.  I wouln't take any of these questions and answers too seriously.  Most people are just here to kill some boredom.they're either a pessimist by nature.. or simply wants to reverse-psychologize other people ;-)This person probably lack of life knowledge, and he/she want to learn how to deal with real life problems. If this person asks similar questions again and again then this person like to hung on to negative emotion(negative emotion does make you feel good), or lack of the ability to take people advices; but if this person asks different questions every times then he/she probably just wants to learn, there is nothing wrong with that.they are lonely and depressed?...?....?
They place themselves on a pedastal since nobody else will.They simply want to be above and beyond their situation.They want to get their lives moving faster than everybody elses and if they see someone as below them then they won't even want to look at them.There were plenty of snobby b itches in my school.I used to say hi to them at times only to get a stone cold gaze or sometimes they wouldn't even look in my direction!I moved on with my life and unfortunately for them they're still stuck where they left off.InsecurityI honestly think it has a lot to do with the way people are raised and those they surround themselves with.  If people are brought up in a family that thinks they are better than others, chances are the children will think the same and act that way in school.  Also, peer groups can have such an influence on people, that I think sometimes people just act that way to 'fit in.'  . . I have been friends with lots of snobby people, but I have also always tried to maintain my own individuality and not act better than others.  I figure that people who act that way will get what they deserve at some point in their life.Miley, from my expericence, people that acks snobby to others have a personally deficiency and is hiding things in their own lives, better known as a lack in maturity. Life catches up with them but not always where we can be there to witness it, which is good.Questions like yours, define my opinions on high school.   I will never understand it when a grown adult says that high school was the best time in their life.  Wasn't for me.. . Why are some people snobs?  Hard to give a definitive answer.  Some possible reasons?  . Their parents are snobs and they are only spewing what is taught to them. Their "self-worth" is very, very low and the only way to make themselves feel better (and trust me, they feel like failures most of the time, contrary to the way they act) is by bringing others down. Or maybe, they are just that all too common breed of person that only values themselves and doesn't even realize that their rude and hurtful comments ARE rude and hurtful.. . TRUST ME when I tell you this, for MANY people, junior & high school are NOT the "best times of their lives".  Most of us grow up, take on life head first, and then experience our "best times".   I had a few good times in school, but all my best times have been as an adult.. . My advice to you:  ignore them.  KNOW that someday the bad karma they are creating will come back and bite them in the butt, KNOW that you are mature and intelligent and are too smart to judge people based on what they own, or who their parents are.. . Also, know that, you will go through life blessed to learn from interesting and varied people whom you spent time with because you do not hold these skewed life views.  Know that you can't change anyone, you can only change the way you react to them.  Know that no matter their appearance and things they own, they will never be truly happy unless they learn that life is not about the brand shoes you wear.. . Good luck to you, sooner than you think, you will be looking back on your feelings today, and realize that YOU my dear, are the lucky one.I honestly believe that they have more of a confidence issue and that is how they deal with it.  To make someone else look bad in their eyes, makes them seem better (only to themselves).  Snobbs do not realize how much of life they are missing.  I just laugh at them because really by letting every into my life, I am a richer person for it.try being less of a dork.If they see that you let it affect you, they will be sure to keep on focusing on you, just chill out and enjoy your freaky/ geeky life, and get some real clothes Betty.in college it doesnt matter were all adults and insecurities make people "snobby"
Body language is very accurate.. . Reading it is not always so accurate.Pretty accurate if you have enough common sense to look for the signs. . . Some do, some don't.I think you're right... its all a matter of perception but, it can be pretty accurateIf your talking to a guy and he has a hard-on you can bet the body language is dead on.very.It's as plain as the nose around your finger.If you kick a guy in the nuts, he is going to read that language pretty acurately!!Body language it the first language of human kind and it is the most accurate.   There is no mistaking what someone is saying when they say it with their body.I think is very accurate, about 95%. I'm usually look at all aspects of body language when speaking to other people, it's very important, because that tells me when a person is lying or not.. I found this that might interest you:. *********************************************************************. Body language is the non-verbal movements we make as a part of how we communicate, from waving hands to involuntary twitching of facial muscles.. . Uses of non-verbal communication: How non-verbal communication is used. . . Reading non-verbals: Basics of non-verbal communication. . Mehrabian's communication study: 7% words, 38% tone, 55% body language? . . Haptic communication: Communicating by touch.. Kinesic communication: Communicating by body movement. . Proxemic communication: Communicating by body positioning. . Gesture types: Emblems and more. . Tells: Unconscious signals.Valid enough that it is taught in special classes at the CIA and the FBI--- also it's a subject covered in a number of classes taught in the techniques involved in interogation !!  Might say that some people at some fairly high levels of operational management think there's enough there to spend some time on !!90%  sometimes people can act different from what they really feel, they are the one's who are very intune with their body language, and there are few who can control it... actions do speak louder than words...  and I agree with you, perception can play a major role in the accuracy of decoding body talk!Body language is very accurate, the true question should be how well do you read body language.  Some people do it very well and others look as though they are trying to read backwards, upside down text through 8 feet of poured concrete.  (Yeah, they're not very good at it.)  . . Have a happy day.  :)You rightly said that its a matter of our perception, plus I guess it has a lot to do with our attitude and situations and the demands they put to us. Its a little bit difficult to answer this question but I hope this helps.it depends on how well you know the person because if your really close sto someone it will be easy to interpret there body language. For other people its a lot harderwell body language can be said to be the preview of what is going to come moments later........body language is very very accuat............. when communicating its gonna be mostly 80% bodylanguage.  it never fails. even if they try controling some of their bodylanguage to lie.  they can't unless they practice really hard at lying...... . but  hey its accurate but make sure you read body language as a whole.
Imports free up labor and resources here to create more wealth.eventually we will all have no jobs but everything will be so cheap we wont need them. joking most of these countries will eventually become just as expensive to make things as here, making america cheaper but thats a long time from now. your not the only one who doesn't like whats going on, it just takes a long time to get these countries to rise up to our standards which is what causes prices to rise.It will help the economy in more ways than you can imagine, and we will continue to become wealthier for it -- just as has been happening all along. Unfortunately most people today never bother to learn something that was well understood and explained by Adam Smith and David Ricardo in the UK over 200 years ago.  They understood that international trade is a good thing, not a bad thing. In a free economy the only reason you import something is if it makes you better off.The USA has been living in a bubble, free trade has popped it.  Wages in this country are artificially high to the level of skill required to do them.  Jobs leave the country since importing the product is no longer prohibitively expensive, and the cost of production drops with the lower labor cost abroad.  We then hamstring ourselves by purchasing items from abroad at bargain basement prices (Walmart).  It's bred deeply into us to buy cheap.  I believe the expression is cutting ones own throat.  If it weren't for the rising price of fuel however I believe the cost of living would drop.  As it is our only hope is to pile money into education so that we can produce skilled workers to do the jobs that others cannot.it will cause problems...i had a job for almost two years and then the boss sent all work to the Phillipines to other office...ugh
There are plenty of benefits of doing business in China. That's why so many big companies come to China. Anyway they are not stupid, and most of them got what they want. Big country huge population and booming economy that means a heaven for businessman. And if you want to do some business in China, check this site http://knows.jongo.com/res/category/1?pageSize=20&sortby=passedAt&direction=desc then you won't lost.Cheap Labor Cost....you can never go wrong especially in the provinces.would u invest in a small market or a 1 billion market? for eg a coke sells for $1, if let's say half the population buys 1 coke per day, that's $500m daily revenue... so I have to say they have a large buying power...
There is a quote in the movie the "The Princess Diaries" courage is not the absence of fear but the courage to face it...so it's not about fear but rather the courage to do it it afraid, it's only when we have repeatedly confronted something we are afraid of that we can truly gain our confidencestart talking to a group of people ....Have a great night with that great guy that youve always liked.Hmmm, this can be hard.  I once went through it myselft.  . . First Believe in yourself.  You seem like a nice girl and I'm sure people would love to hear you talk.   If they know you're shy, then to would wait more eagerly to hear what you have to say.  . . Secondly, be yourself and talk the way you want to talk, don't always pay attention to what others think about you.  Another good tactic is use hummor.  It helps you relex and it makes you seem like you're not boaring.  Also, have other people help you out.  Get them involved, see if they want questions, or ask them questions.. . I know you can do itthere are 2 different things I used when I had that problem: either pick out one person (a good friend) to focus on, imagine you are just having a informational conversation with them. The other way is to not look directly at anybody (try not to be too obvious on this one, lol) look directly between them or over their heads. Eventually you will start getting comfortable infront of the class. . As for just being shy, try a lot of positive self talk before hand. You have to realize the only opinion of you that matters is yours! Good luckStand up straight.  Breathe.  Look people in the eye and smile.  It may sound too simple, but it helps.when you get up there be prepared and just believe your talking to your best friend and she or he has to hear you over the loud radio this should help you relax and speak loud enoughtry speaking in front of a mirrorTry to approach new people,try to talk to them. You should have confidence in yourself...I don't think I should tell you that but if you want you can do like me,I take some pegs of whisky before talking in front of a group of people..It really helps me...I feel free to talk whatever i want...but don't abuse it..I am studying architecture so I'm presenting my work every week in front of my tutors and 60 more ppl.Know that you present yourself every day to your best friend and your parents.I mean you present things like "how was your day in school etc" and all the conversations you are doing is a type of presentation.You have to know that you are presenting sth that nobody will know in the classroom.So you wont have to care about anything.In the end of the day the only person that cares about you is your tutor.So don't care about the rest.I don't know if that helps you...Sth last is that before your presentation try to present to ur parents or to a friend that you trust and during the presentation you don't have to look at your audience just choose only on person...your tutor.!All the bestI can relate to your problem. I was also shy growing up, but gained a lot of confidence everytime I was sure about what I was saying. I am currently working on an e-book to share my experiences and to give other people like you hope and advice. Check my site: http://www.public-speaking-solutions.com/fear-of-public-speaking.html . . I also share a lot of tips and inspiration with my subscribers, so I think it will be nice if you subscribed to my free newsletter.
It goes like this:. . I have a friend - which means my friend is separated from me by 1 degree.. . My friend's friend - that person is separated from me by 2 degrees.. . My friend's friend also has a friend - that person is separated from me by 3 degrees.. . And so on and so forth until you get to the 6th degree of separation.Start counting....................If you make it to six you could find out!Any 2 people in the world can be connected through 6(or less) other people, if you try hard enough. Its just a  theory, but you can test it on Myspace.It's the number of "hops" you take to get from one thing to another.. . They say that you can find a connection from one person to every other person on the planet using 6 degrees of separation.. . A knows B who knows C who knows ....... down to F and with different people at stages B to F you can get to anyone on the planetSix degrees of separation is the hypothesis that anyone on Earth can be connected to any other person on the planet through a chain of acquaintances with no more than five intermediaries.. . See more:There is a theory that anyone on the planet is connected to any other person through a chain of six people.... . They say that anyone on the planet can be connected to any other person through a chain of six people, which means that no one is a stranger... for long. In this new drama from the producers of "Lost" and "Alias," six very different New Yorkers go about their lives without realizing the impact they're having on one another, but a mysterious web of coincidences gradually draws them closer, changing the course of their lives forever, on "Six Degrees," a new ensemble drama about the possibilities of a greater force at work guiding everyone together and connecting the lives of us all.
as you mature our luck fades and ur brain works moreAbsolutely nothing!balance of mind and belief.A person of real maturity can see which opportunities are luck and which are from good preparation.When you're mature, you'll know the importance to be happy and calm even in the midst of turbulence. So when you're happy and calm, you'll make the right decision. And right decision will bring you good outcome and thus, luck.The letter "U"The more mature you are the less you believe in luckWith maturity comes the wisdom to make the best decision and follow the path that is better for attaining what what want. Luck is just happening upon the right choice.What they have in common is that they both relate to kids today. I.E: If a kid today reaches maturity, then they're in luck!They are both rare.
The best thing would be to put the baby up for adoption. If the baby is unwanted then it will be unloved and uncared for. The best decision would be to let someone who actually wants the baby to have a chance to raise him/her.The best solution for the babies would have been if those undeserving couple had not concieved them. Here I am speaking of those consensual intercourses between two seemingly sane adult 'parents'. Never call them 'unwanted babies'. Only those parents can be deemed as 'unwanted'!! The next best solution is to allow willing, responsible, caring and loving people nurture these children of god, as their own...Best solution is being ready for the possibility of having a baby before you have sex.The best solution is to use protection for the door.  Don't produce what you do not want or that you are not ready for.  Abstain.  There is always adoption.  Find a good agency.  Remember too, parents are loving and good supporters.  They maybe able to help keep the baby while the person continues with life.first off.....protection if you don't want a baby.  Then adoption.  There are many people out there who can't have babies and would love to have yours.I think adoption is the best bet.  Unfortunately, SOOOO many people these days are just abandoning their babies!  So much so, that they have made certain areas "acceptable" places to drop off a baby, no questions asked.  Not sure if you've heard about it... but people are able to legally abandon a newborn (or probably any child actually, but it's generally newborns) at a hospital, fire hall and I think church.  This sounds horrible... but it's an attempt by these agencies to end the practice of "dumpster babies"... where people simply toss them in a trash can or leave them in a public restroom, etc.  At least by making certain areas (which are staffed 24/7) available, it ensures that the baby will be immediately taken and cared for... much better than the alternative.  I think everyone is aware of adoption, but unfortunately, not everyone is aware of the fairly new baby abandonment laws.  We have to remember that it's the very "bottom of the barrel" so to speak that needs to know about this policy (where it's okay to leave a baby).  People with money and/or education know their options already (generally speaking)... it's the severely impoverished, the extremely young and even the mentally unstable that are typically those "dumping" babies.  Teens who hide their pregnancy the entire time and somehow feel it's better to dump the child than to let down their parents...  . . Anyway... just a policy that's fairly new that needs to be publicized more.  I'm NOT saying it's okay to abandon your baby.  You should make plans LONG before it's birth (whether it be abortion - which I don't advocate!-, adoption, etc).  Like others have said, really it's something you should be "prepared" for before having sex... but that's VERY unlikely in today's society.  I'm just saying... I'd rather see a baby handed over to a nurse at a hospital than left alone to die in a cold trash can on the street.Not to have one if your not ready.Use protection! And if you already have it.Well there's no turning back now.There is always adoption too.There are plenty of people who can't have a family and want one.Adoption is the best option!. . My miracle baby was a gift from a woman who found herself pregnant and couldn't care for him. She wanted him to go to a home where he would be given love. This was a very unselfish decision on her part. I will always be thankful to her for her unselfish act of love. If she had been selfish, I would of never been able to experience the most wonderful experience of being my son's mom. My son is now 23 yrs old and still is and will always be my miracle :)
I think its the way people were brought up.some people have life experiences that have ingrained in them that they are not good enough, a child that grows up with emotionally unavailable parents esp the mother  may have issues of low self esteem and insecurity, a person whose father or  mother has constantly put down their dreams and ideas may believe they are worthless and even crazy or less than intelligent. a lot of our insecurities and feelings of inequity can be traced back to our childhood is what i have found.i am with that one person about life experienes.  If you get teased a lot durning school, obviously that would make you insecure.  And you get a lot of dates, it might make you too secure1. Because they are inmature.. 2. Because nobody teaches them to be secure.. 3. Because they miss love and afection when they were childs, so they grow up insecure about those feelings.Not me anymore, I used to be insecured and was able to get rid of it.
A minor stimulation of the central nervous system can increase concentration for office work and games like chess. . . I find when I have a head cold that my concentration level falls (cannot control my breathing properly). Substances like caffeine (in tea and coffee), components of flu medicines (pseudoephedrine in the UK), can help in the short term (and probably the long term as well).. . I have got a cold today and a game of chess tonight. Too many stimulants and it is counter effective (measured by results).find some brain exercise and do one of them each day, in time you will find that your levels of concerntration do get alot better, that how i managed it.I have found that by taking control of my breathing, I can now take control of my emotions and this has really strengthened my concentration. I use an inner emotional barrier to prevent things invading my 'space' and I have a word to tell my unconsious mind to relax. It seems to be working but you have to really keep at it!  Start with long, slow, deep breathing ....play concentration and good diet and sleep.try not to put yourself under to much pressure.although I will not be able to fully explain how to achieve what your trying to do, I would suggest you read "The Book of Five Rings" by Musashi Miyamoto. It explains how to be able to execute a task with efficiency even if you are faced with endless distraction. To summarize his lessons, you must practice what you do until your body gets accustomed to the task at hand. if you achive this, you may perform your work without thinking about it. Thus, the concept of "no mind". The same concept as walking. When you walk, you don't really think about walking. you just walk. That is because you have practiced walking all your life that your a master of it already. when you try to think about how you walk, you tend to lose your balance. . . As a piece of advise, don't try to over-analyze what your doing. Just do your best, but don't do anything you can't. As one said before, "we cannot see past the choices we make".
it may be just their character.. low self esteem??? not likely.... growing up habits??? maybe.... lack of something???? most likely not decisive in what they want yet.it is how they growing uplack of confidenceI think its probably the fear of rejection.As for me, while growing up my mom had an anger problem, and she used to hit me when she was mad. It didn't matter what I was doing, she just needed to vent her anger. So I grew up being afraid of doing something wrong, not realizing there wasn't a 'right' thing I could do to keep from getting beat on by her.. I'm now in mid 40s and I'm still afraid at times to speak up or make mistakes, a part of me still being afraid of getting beat up..chemical imbalance... your name... your zodiac sign...lack of positive people around  youNot all the needs are met .. . .
Your question has a false premise, and is therefore impossible to properly answer with anything other than "evolution".Humans and primates share a common ancestor. Eye colour is determined by genetics - one simple mutation can change the eye colour. There's nothing magical, mystical or spiritual about this... the mutation to create light coloured eyes ocurred after humans and other primates split from our most recent common ancestor during the process of evolution.. . Next question pleaseWell closely related doesn't mean exactly the same, I thought they hypothesized that we have different genes at the level of 4%.  So right there, eye color difference may be accounted for. Also, how do you know that chimps don't have a recessive gene for light colored eyes which never gets expressed because two chimps with light colored eyes have never mated?how come they have hair all over their body, cant talk, live in the forest??? theres alot of differences between chimps and humans, that question is kinda stupid.....You might as well ask why are humans upright while chimps knuckle walk, or why they're covered with body hair and we aren't so much. Over the 100's of thousands of years, we have changed physically and mentally in many ways. Although 99% of our DNA is still the same as a chimps, that 1% has diverged far enough so that we are really an entirely different species at this point.If all dogs are related why do husky dogs have blue eyes, while others have dark eyes?  Also, why is there so much variation within the Dog family if they are all related.  . . The real answer you are going for is 5 or so million years of divergent evolution.  Many of our dog breeds were created within the past few hundred years, and look at the greatness of diversity there.  Imagine the differences when you have five or so million years of divergent evolution.There are blue-eyed black lemurs (in fact, the blue-eyed lemur is thought to be a subspecies of black lemur).  The aye-aye lemurs have green eyes. The long-tailed macaque has quite a range in eye color, all the way to yellowish-green...How come some humans have dark eyes and some have light eyes?  That was a very weak question.. . And as for the dumbass who said that monkey's wouldn't still exist; Why don't you try to find out a little bit about the theory of evolution before you claim to know how it works?Because goldfish are orange and guppies are purple.. . Besides, humans may be more related to bonobos, who tend to be more computer literate than chimps.. . Human eyes get pretty dark too when they sit too long on a computer.  Maybe the chimp you were referring to spent too much time on a computer?EvolutionThat is a product of evolution. As chimps' genes slowly mutated and their behavior changed and adapted to different environments, so did for example their eyes.We are not just RELATED to Primates, we ARE Primates !. . Just look at the name itself.  Egotistical people named the group - Primates - as in Primary - the FIRST - the MOST IMPORTANT !  Damn, we are so STUCK on OURSELVES!. . Dont tell me you don't think APES look like people.. I mean, get real!. What do YOU look like the most?. (1) Alligator. (2) Tiger. (3) Chimp. (4) Dragonfly. (5) OysterI think my eyes are as dark as chimps.humans spread out from africa to other places where necessary adaptations occured related to envionment. chimps have not spread throughout the world as humans did, so new adaptations were unnecessary.they also have hair all over their bodies and most of us do not, it was all part of the evolution process.That's like asking, how come chimps are hairy when humans are not hairy or how come chimps are small while humans are big. It's just something they've evolved with, and it's something we have evolved with. . . We are related to all (or very close to, i don't know about all of bacteria) it of life on this planet as well, we all have dna and many other species have even some of the same organs as us, like hearts and kidneys. It's just that chimps are very closely related to us, somewhere around 98% or 99% of our DNA is the same.There has never been a chimp with light eyes? There are recesive genes in all of us, and in all chimps.I personally believe partially in evolution, but I believe that we are different than other animals. But I'm not specifically a religious person.. . Perhaps we moved out of the jungle and the sun's light over years just lighten our eyes huh?Your question is a non sequitur and backdrops your ignorance.evolution, my dear watsoni don't know it was just part of the evolution of monkeys to humansKey word in your question: IF. . So to answer your question ~ we are not related and that is why primates and humans have two different eye colors.simple, humans are not related to primates.  We were created by God.We're not related to primates. That was just a theory that some people have. If we were why would there still be monkeys. Are they just slow learners?I AM NOT RELATED TO PRIME MATES.
i think its conditioning. Look at Bindy, Steve Irwins daughter, its the way your brought up reallyI think a lot of it has to do with society.  I wasn't afraid of bugs and such when I was a kid.  It's only as I grew older that I started to get a fear.  Girls are almost told they are supposed to be afraid of these things as they are growing up.  I think you start to feel like it's expected of you to be afraid so you talk yourself into the fear.  Most little girls that I've known are not afraid of bugs.  It's not till they get older that they develop a fear.Actually, men are more afraid of snakes than women are. I had a "pet" snake when I was 14 and not ONE woman (girl) was afraid to hold it. But almost ALL the men (boys) were! Regarding spiders, my niece has always "rescued" everyone from them, but she's the exception as usually its the menfolk who are less grossed out. I haven't found anyone (other thatn my niece) who is indifferent to really huge spiders. Seems NO ONE wants to deal with them!i'm not scared.I do not think they are more afraid, I just think they show their fear more clearly than men due to their temperamental nature.SOCIETY IS STILL BACKWARD!!!well,they learnfromothergirls to do that,n ne way imnot scared but thegirls r told 2.thats y girls growup to b weaker..........as boysare told to be tough.its kinda discrimination thats being passeddown from generations.i dont agree 2dis.I have to agree with rinat and sunline.  I think, like you said, there's exceptions and that's it's also conditional, but I think it's mostly affirmed by personality type (mascaline vs. femanin (I hope I spelled those right)).  I think men are less initial to show their feelings, in this case being fear, then women.  I also hate bugs and spiders and snakes sometimes too, but I also know, rationally, that they're not going to jump out at me and they're usually not out to get me so I don't run from the screeming.  But they're still creepy and disgusting and I don't like touching them.  Blech.  :P. . BTW:  I used some big words for my standards, I hope I used them correctly, please don't bite my head off I didn't, all you linguistic majors out there.  :)I think in many cases, they learned to be afraid of these things early in life.  It is an expectation that I feel many women simply mold themselves into...without even realizing.I love snakes!!! but ewww spiders or bugs just creep me out...lol we want to be protected from things crawling all over us and i think that maybe society perceives bugs as being dirty instead of natural and no woman wants to be dirty....I thought that they were all in the same category.  Aren't they?I don't know...why are men so much more afraid of commitment than women? Why are men so much more afraid of responsibility than women?.  I guess its just in our nature!!i think little girls don't play in the dirt as much as boys so they aren't introduced to them and they don't know that they are harmless so when they get older they naturally fear them because they have not been around them. i love little snakes tho, they are soooooo cute!Most little girls are taught almost from the time they can walk to be afraid of bugs, spiders, snakes, frogs and the like.  Can't you remember being told EW! Put that nasty thing down when maybe all it was, was a worm!!!!!!! or snail!!!!!!!!!??????????? Of course I would say but isn't it so cute. (I was a tomboy) Until I got bit by a spider this summer and ended up 8 days in the hospital I wasn't afraid of them, now I am! Girls are suppose to stay clean and look pretty, while boys can roughhouse, be dirty, and have frogs in their pockets to scare girls and everyone thinks they are so cute too.   Go Figure!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!by showing our fear we get you to get rid of the creeps for us.
integrate a person into society, or integrate personas into a single self?  in both instances, one needs to be mindful of the deficit that exists, and make a conscious effort to be cohesive, inclusive, connected, and together.Invite the person to a get together with your friends or to a meeting of a club or church or other organization you belong to and introduce them to people you know! If they have any personality and social skills at all, they'll soon be one of the gang!
For the same reason anyone would avoid sexual harassment. It's against the law.Sorry, I don't understand your question.  Do you mean the theorist avoids personally committing sexual harassment, or that the theorist avoids theorizing about the topic of sexual harassment?why especially "avoid" ? i havent heard of it. who are you talking about ?Never heard the term before but the key word is "avoid."  Stands to reason they would learn, know, understand, teach and/or steer clear of all temptation.
I'm afraid not to many folks are going to understand your meaning. Perhaps if you put this under poetry or something similar, people might get your meaning. However, realizing the average mentality of Yahoo Answers participants, I would say your chances are quite small.teenagers are rude and disrespectful not all but mostBecause our parents think of us devils. they think that we would go smash things and get drunk on the first chance we get. take yesterday for example. we had a social party thingy at ma work yesterday( i wrk at a hospital i am 18) and anyway we were allowed to bring one guest. i wanted to bring my friend but ma mom made me take her and at the party she was like make sure you dont get a drink. i mean ok so i got a drink ticket but i was not gonna use it. i got it cuz the guy knew me and he was being a friend thinking maybe i wanted a drink.The teenage country i think that you could look for those in africa where all the children parents are dying.. And teenage should be respected because eventually we have to clean up the shit that the other generation left behind or we create some more shit depending on how we feel.then the other generation will help things or fuck things up depending on how they feel.like a pattern.because people mostly think of them as people who get drunk and wasted and do bad things to!!!Teenagers arent "looked down upon" but like every life stage we hold a stereotype. Like babies are cute & lots of work. Grandparents are old & wise, etc, etc. Unfortunetly teenagers seem to hold up that stereotype more than others =] heh.I am not aware that we had "teenage countries." Most teens, however, lack good judgment and are too immature to make major decisions without assistance. BTW, Africa is a continent, not a country. . . Chow!!I'm not sure who you mean by "teenage countries".  Teenagers like minorities are judged by the worst not by their best. It's unfortunate.
well just appreciate what god gave to u and one day someone might just appreciate it as well.find someone that appreciates who u areMy boyfriend is the same, and honestly, for a lot of girls, bigger is NOT better. He's perfect. Also keep in mind, it's the foreplay that is the most important part of getting a girl off. If you start to obsess about that as much as you obsess about your size now, you'll be amazing in bed!Size is not a big issue when it comes to performance. Dont worry about the size. Unlike men women see this from a different angle. You have a bright future ahead.Who cares about the flaccid length? It just doesn't matter.. . Plenty of people are 1- 2 in or so soft, but 5 to 7 in when erect.  It's a miracle of hydraulics.  What you've got is fine.eat alot of avacadoes and medte it can still grow at the age of 38.l gave up on my -enis for many years because l'm asexual and l felt it was useless to have a big -enis. So it shrank as l became very depressed l decide l might start using it someday so l'm using this healthy method to get it all working again it has grown to an even larger size than ever before at the age of 41 l look and feel young. Eat alot of avacadoes wipe them all over your skin and hair it alsoprevents hair from turning grey.But you also must eat a healthy vegan diet.Three inches, soft, is normal. besides women are not like men, they see things differently.  Don't think of yourself in a bad way as you seek a mate, thats the key to accepting yourself.It's hard to shake body image issues once you have them. A 38-year-old sense of self isn't going to be unraveled overnight. But with work, it can be undone.. . Amazon has a bunch of books on body image. Why don't you take a look?. http://amazon.com/s/ref=nb_ss_gw/002-9518803-0585642?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=body+image. . The Body Image Workbook, for instance, looks very good:. http://www.amazon.com/Body-Image-Workbook-Harbinger-Workbooks/dp/1572240628/. . By the way, the average size for a flaccid penis is 2 to 4 inches. Your penis size couldn't be any more normal. But even if it were only an inch in length, it would be perfect as it is.. . I would also recommend you check out the Work of Byron Katie.. . Go to http://www.thework.com >> The Store >> Books, CDs, & DVDs >> Videos & DVDs >> The Perfect Body. . The DVD costs $25. Or you can email me and I'll burn you a copy for free. (They don't mind if you reproduce their material.). . Or just check out some of Byron Katie's books on Amazon, learn the process she teaches, and apply it to your body.. . Good luck!
Not sure what you're after.  You may want to consider looking at Studs Terkel's, "Work."  It was written a while ago, but it's a great ethnographic account of peoples' working lives and the effect it has.  Maybe Barbara Ehrenreich's "Nickel and Dimed" too?but of course... if u r damn busy, how can u mingle and socialize with people...???
Oh Gosh! I should have put a period after down and capitalized how. STUPID STUPID STUPID STUPID!!!!!I used to do that too.  So now you can realize it's not just you.  I saw that several posters said the same thing.  I overcome it by practicing self-talk, not out loud, but force my mind to think how silly it is to even expect perfection or for thinking that it's even possible.  I also make myself think about the positive.  Dwelling on the negative is depressive.  Everyone is a unique individual with their own gifts and talents, so try not to compare yourself to others.  . . Good luck!It is not easy to stop. A person has to be a warrior. Ultimately it boils down to a personal decision to be happy because, as far as it is known, there is only this life. Don't waste it worrying and putting yourself down. . Experience as many new things as you can because that will keep you from thinking about the past and it will give you the only chance of transforming yourself. . The mind cannot think of anything new by itself because the mind is the "past" so it always reverts back to the old pattern thinking and you know what that is. . Have you noticed that when you are really involved with something, other than yourself, your attention is not on a personal problem? I suggest reading Alan Watts "The Taboo of Knowing Who You Are"You need to realize that no one's perfect-and someone perfect would be really annoying.You need to look at your qualities and try not to overemphasize your bad characteristics.I'm searching for the answer to the question as well. Anyway, I get out of it by thinking about a situation when i did something good, achieved a goal I've set for myself, made a difference or helped somebody out. This way I realize that my contribution is important and that I don't have to be perfect.. Understanding from those I love also helps a lot.I've had that problem. It helps me to focus on what I've done right, just to be more positive.To answer this question, you have to look at what gives you the opinion as to what "perfect" is, and what conditions you to believe what is perfect and what is not.  Don't let others make up your mind for you as to what is right, or "perfect" for you to be, think, act.  Also, If it is someone telling you that YOU think you need to be perfect?   Ask them what they think perfect is, what you feel THEY want you to do to be more normal, like them, then stay away from them and their motives of trying to change you.  That would fall under the realm of "their issues"  Stay away from these people or conditioning stimulii.  Be you.Stop being so unrealistic about yourself. Everybody has failures. The most successful people in this world have all suffered failure. It is part of being human. We all get down on ourselves from time to time. That's normal. Would you constantly remind your best friend of her or his failures or hound them that they are not perfect? Of course not. So be your own best friend, and let it go. The more failures you have, the more likely you are to be on the verge of success. So get going again already! My best to you.me too. I am pretty sure it is something that everyone goes through a few times in there life.Really you could look at yourself and come up with a never ending list of stuff thats not perfect. Hair, nails, teeth, tan, hips, eyes,........never ends, just don't compair yourself to other poeple that are "perfect" It will make you feel alot better about yourself.if you love yourself for trying to be yourself without caring what other people think of you, because it's better to love yourself for who you are than to be perfect - if that exist - and not love yourself. there is really nobody close to perfect and most people dont care about it - don't get down on it because you are sensitive for it, just try to love yourself for who you are and try to be happy.you will stop beating yourself up when you realize noone is perfect.Often times people think much too highly of themselves.  That leads to numerous problems, one of which is believing one has to be perfect or acceptably close.  I am not bashing you here, because I was where you were 15 years ago.  My remedy was to humble myself and realize that NO ONE is perfect.  Once I managed to control SELF things became much more easier to deal with.Just remember...if you were perfect you'd be God. Or "a god/godess" for those politically correct folks out there.nobody is perfect. sometimes i get like that too, i try to avoid it by making myself busy, i go to school, work, and now i am volunteering my time on the weekends, go outside and do something.We are not perfect that is why this we must constantly change until be become perfect.  The world changes daily you must change with it.Nobody is perfect and that is what you have to understand and comprehend, and that you are not the exception. Everyone has flaws and makes mistakes and you have to live with that.everyone does that...you just have to suck it up and deal with it..NO ONE is perfect...if you think you are or that you should be then you need some serious help....find something that you love...get a hobby...a pet something...you have too much time to think about all the bad stuff that you have done...which wouldn't be a bad thing....if you thought about something productivedont worry about those little "flaws" .....focus on whats great about you!!!!!!!!!!. . maybe you have a nice smile..........great body.......maybe youre hilarious......just remember that youre an amazing person....... . me personally i have a great butt..........lol
Probably not in our lifetimes. Don't worry about it!.  "Don't worry, BE HAPPY!!"I think that humans will spread throughout the universe long before the Earth is destroyed.The world will end by us blowing ourselves into nothing. (I.E. Humans blowing up Humans.)  It'll probably be a nucular war or a world war three and will probably involve Korea and the U.S. (no offence to anyone, this is just my opinion.) . .  I'd guess we probably have close to 200 years, then we will have the technology to make this stuff happen.. . We, right now, have nothing to worry about because we'll all be dead by then.If and when the world end, it will not be in your lifetime, so no need to worry or think about it.It will end the day after I die. why you ask. because. I do not want it to end before I die. so you have about...72 year left. lol. 10 pointsGlobal warming and soon.  At least ending life as we know it.  Oh, and it will all end eventually, when the sun burns out (see link).  Oh, and about carrying capacity, it doesn't matter how many people you have as much as it matters how much destruction of the land, food and water are going on.  Industrial manufacturing and thus polution is not your friend.  If we all lived simple lives there would be room for us.  One last thing, if you're really interested check audio on second link.I think humans will eventually destroy it and it will be sooner than later.with a BIG BANG of courseHumans will kill each other off one way or the other.  Either like the Terminator or like Jurassic Park.meh.  it happens when it does, and when it does all the souls will gather again to create some other planet to destroy and the cycle will continue.. . but at this rate, i believe it's coming rather soon.. Im thinking 2010, maybe 2020 if we're lucky.. . lets hope Im wrong!  but if i am, is it really great living this way?  money and power are ruling factors for this lifestyle we've developed.. and because of that everything is judged and society is structured towards that.  we're doomed if we do, and doomed if we die.  it's pretty sad, and i brought a life into it.. . hopefully someone or something turns it all around!  it starts with one and hopefully many agree and help it along before its too late.. . but what is "it"?once i die the world ends. thats all i care about. =)Someone, on some deserted island in the Pacific, will not put in the code numbers and the world will implode....LOLWONT! WE'RE  AT THE DOORSTEP OF ARMAGEDDON WHICH WILL INCLUDE THE 7 YEARS OF TRIBULATION. SATAN ALIVE AND IN THE FLESH. WHEN HE;S CAST INTO THE LAKE OF FIRE THERE WILL BE 1000 YEARS OF HEAVEN ON EARTH. THE REAL QUESTION IS WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT.. GOD BLESSWhat a question!!!. Of course no one knows when it ends!!!!. Seriously, if somebody would tell me that tonight is the end of the world, like most of the televangelists would often say, i will commit suicide... pronto!!!! i could not accept that the God whom i believe is a loving God would destroy me...... Scientific study would tell you that about a billion more years.... the world will end because the sun will consume all his hydrogen and helium and there will be no heat from the athmosphere that makes all things exist..... but when that time comes.... we have already ended our world because we're already dead by that time!!!No one knows.. And we should just live as richteously as we can now and quit worrying about when it will come. Our human curiousity is going to be what destroys us.It will end when the world's carrying capacity is beyond its limits, so please do not procreate.not good thats for sure. We need more people like bono, oprah, angelina, & all the other ppl trying to make a difference in the world!No one knows when, but fire and brimstone will destroy the earth.. . Live every day like it's your last, but plan ahead like you're going to live forever.Im reading this Really good book and they think the world is ending because a metor crashed into the moon and it put it out of orbit and it caused tsnumis and earthquakes and volcanos and gas is like 12 dollars a gallon and people are running out of food its really cool i haven't finished it yet.Read this book "Profecy" by Slyvia Brown. She has no future predictions after 2052. This bothers her and it should bother us too. Does this mean the world is gone?. She says we are ruining the environment at such a rapid pace it will be irrepairable soon. We will all be living in bubbles to survive. And it is not that long off.. . We all need to take responsibility and do are part. We need to work on our Air, Water, Soil, Weather, Polution, land fills, litter, and stop raping the Earth of its resources.Read Revelations, there you shall have your answer.the world will end by Mans hand , not by nuculear war but by the loss of compassion and a since of who we R. but the events leading up to it R not biblical" simply common since. man destroyes every thing he touches this has been happening for eions now and no change is apparent'It'll be soon an it'll be because this world's getting worse and worseit is estimated that the world will be scattered into pieces by the supernova explosion of the sun after some 2500 years... but i believe even aft death of earth, human race will remain forever, because, if u look at the rate human is progressing everyday,  2000 years later, we may be in another galaxy!a nucular world warpretty scary
IF U R QUALIFIED DOCTOR THEN THIS IS SAFEST OTHERWISE NOT. GSself medication is not safe at all. it starts in small doses & keeps increasing there after. it can even be atal if onemixes micnewe not supposed to be had together. its always safer to take the advise of a physician rather than experiment on yourself.Self medicate only for minor problems, like head-ache, body pain, common colds.... . As a rule, for outmost safety of yourself, always see a doctor first.
Because if you slept with your eyes opened you would freak People out, They would think you were dead ... Scary !do you want your eye balls to dry out??Not all mammals close eyes when asleep-you can just as easily blink asleep as awake, since its subconcious anyway. It is also not due to distractions in your field of vision waking you, since background auditory and visual signals are filtered out while asleep. So, theoretically, and in some people and quite a few other species, one can sleep with the eyes open. The only logical explanation is likely that it protect the eyes from damage due to insects, blowing dust, etc. Since you are not using your eyes whiel asleep, there is no reason to expose them to possible damage.
1 By respecting yourself  and by showing the same respect to your friend  that would include kindness, consideration, honesty, and keeping your word. With those traits  you should  gain  your friends attention and keep itTry waving orange flags in their general direction.Just be your own unique self. Be nice to them.depends on what kind of attention do you want to grab.  If it is sexual, try flirting, if it is in general then try talking to the person about how you feel about something that you know that they are interested and can carry a conversation about.Tattoo their name on your foreheadi agree with mesofemme, there appears to be an underliying problem.  you sound obsessive. you need to chilljust yell at themYou should be more specific...Whats the real problem??
very freudian if you ask me. . . Just don't turn around if you see one coming...Because that is what they use to get the money out of your wallet.It's not a trident, it's the Greek letter psi (pronounced "sigh", like psychology).  It just looks like a trident.  :-)trident was a weapon used by the sea god,,,,. it means we'r all drownin,includin psychologistsThe trident has three prongs, each one represents the three parts of man according to psychology, the Id, the Ego and the Superego.. . Just my guess.
It probably means she's had really shitty luck with men!  If you can make yourself orgasm, you can tell a man what he can do to get you there too!ITs the peek of sexual pleasure so maby ur not giving her pleasureyou've got to spend time getting her in the mood. experiment, find out what turns her on. you've got to build up to it. it can be a little bit of work, but it's fanastic for both of you when it happens.. light some candles, get some nice music on, get the mood going dude. also make sure there's no distractions. turn off the phones!get a vibrator.The fact is that there are many women on this earth that cannot achieve an orgasm with a partner. A woman who knows her body from her own masturbating experience knows exactly what she needs to to to get herself off. Since she obviously masturbates by herself, then you don't know what to do to get her to the point she can get her own self to, orgasm. If she wants to orgasm with you, and you want the same, she needs to be more comfortable and open up to you. She needs to tell you what she likes, and she needs to let you know what feels good and what doesn't. Above all, you both need to relax and don't focus too much on the outcome (orgasm) focus on each others bodies, what you like and what makes each other feel good. Romance it up, get in the moment. Sensuality and sexuality are two different animals.....try mixing it up a bit.don't be so hard on yourself guys, its not always your fault. Try asking her if she has some kind of trauma or maybe emotional problems.  Are you sure she's not a lesbian? Because I have a friend who is a lesbian who doesn't want to go out in the open and she's having the same trouble with her boyfriend. But I could also be wrong. Just trying to help.I haven't ever had any problems with her.MEAs a sexual partner you need to learn what she likes and what makes her go.You need to have open communication.  Have her guide you.  It could be that she is having some issues with trust and is not able to get relaxed enough to reach climax.  Definately, have a discussion with her.sorry your having trouble ,have her show you where her clitoris and realize that it is the key to that door, imagine what it would be like to tease the key until you unlock the magic on the other side.dont wanna say YOURE the problem....thats too easy...an orgasm..is a automatic response like breathing..let me explain...when a woman orgasms..its the inside/back wall of the vagina..and a muscle like a plunger...creates for lack of a better word..."suction"...in an attempt..to bring up the sperm...into the uterus...in an attempt to insure pregnancy.....its what the body does involuntary....the woman doesnt control that..REGARDLESS what they say....i KNOW its true..cuz i saw it on tv....lol..but thats what it is..U have to hit her G spot. Buy her a vibrator & use it on her, and also get her to show u how she gets herself to orgasm.Maybe she's trying too hard to please you; or maybe she just wants your money.First, make sure she feels secure with you.. . Then, have her show you how she does it.. . Uh, ya so that should do it for most...As an American woman she is taught from a young age not to feed a man's ego by allowing him to help her achieve orgasm. Just give up. If you want a woman that will orgasm then find a woman not from America.~Not you, obviously.Probably because of the clit. Try other things other than penetration. Find "Box Lunch" - it's an awesome book about cunninglus (gahh, that word is so hard to write --- it's basically eating her out!). I find that no one can give me anything close to a high because they don't know the 'magic spot', so to speak, and that's okay because I just want to give -them- pleasure. . . Also, try asking her what she wants. Every part of the sex, whisper in her ear, "tell me what to do." Figure out a way that you can ask her such things, and still make it sexy. . . Have fun~~~!To make a girl orgasm, finger the G spot furiously (or use a G spot toy), masturbate the clit fast at the same time (like rub a powerful vibrator body massager on your clit at the same time). Maybe have an object in her a-nus (a turn on by women). You have to be horn*y in order for the orgasm to work, so you may want to incorporate goat weed or any good aphrodisiac (a sexual libido enhancer, NOT Viagra or "size pills") . The G-spot is on the top inside of the vagina. Curve your fingers up when fing*ring. For a libido enhancer, try http://www.directvideoanddvd.com/listcategory_toys.asp. Maybe pop in a porno. Girls love when you rub the inside of her thigh(s) while you do this. [for the guys to do]If she cums while masterbating then we know she has it in her.  I suggest you watch her next time and figure something out. The problem isn't her it you. It doesn't matter that all the other guys couldn't either. She probably just said that to ease you mind. Because, as yet, she obviously has not been sexed correctly; at least not by you.Have her masturbate while you have sex together.. . It's done all the time... it can be very sexy...  you will learn positions which doesn't interfere with her hand.  "Tell" her it's okay by putting her hand there for her..... . Trust me... when they C-u-m... life is GOOD!
how can there be a common difference?  if they are different they dont have much in common, lolto the most experienced!. . Mary MWe all deffer on earthdef·er·ence   Audio pronunciation of "deference" ( P )  Pronunciation Key  (dfr-ns, dfrns). n.. .    1. Submission or courteous yielding to the opinion, wishes, or judgment of another..    2. Courteous respect. See Synonyms at honor.. . . I guess if there was a common deference, it would be toward elders. Most (but not all) cultures value respect for elders.Its inhabitants
i dont know why they have no conciouse in order to do such a thing, but i do know that from the time of conception, their is a heartbeat, this is the first thing to develope, and therefore if you abort this fetus you are actually murdering a human child that has not had the chanceto live a full life the way god had intended it too. for that anyone who has had an abortion, is commiting a major sin in gods eyes by commiting murderBecause he is going to be a bank robber and crack smoker.Cause you want to(if you're not ready for a child). Cause you have to(illness).. . Everyone says abortion is wrong, then they complain about home many orphans there are. That really annoys me.If babies were so precious than why would people all over the world just stand by and let 20,000 of them starve to death every day in Africa?  Are unborn babies more important than already born ones?It's important to consider the fact that not everyone feels life begins at the same point.  Many people don't consider the fetus a human because for awhile it is simply a bundle of cells, and nothing else.  For many, including myself, more is required to consider the fetus a living thing.. And as far as reasons for abortion...I don't think it's fair to make the judgement call of whether or not women should HAVE an abortion.  There are many reasons that women feel abortions are the best decisions, and I have to imagine that a woman knows what's best for her.. In many situations, women decide abortion is the best decision because they know they will be unable to care for a child.  I've worked with enough unwanted children to appreciate how good of a decision it is to not have a child if you are not prepared.. On the far end of the unfortunate spectrum, women often become pregnant as a result of rape.  I don't feel it is fair to force a woman to carry a reminder of such a terrible trauma with her for nine months, unless she feels she is emotionally strong enough to handle that.  Many women aren't.. I am strongly pro-choice, and strongly believe that every woman has the right to choose what is best for them.  And I don't think it's fair to make judgements without being in the shoes of the woman making the tough decision.Because some people have traumatic experiences as being raped, for instance.. Then you have people, who have "accidents" and know that they won't be able to cope with a family life because they have no money, no family stability and who'd rather prevent a child from suffering.. You can't always judge people's deeds and actions.. Wait for you to find yourself in a difficult situation, without any help around to judge!. Stop those awful generalization! A woman is not just a womb!I did it because I was raped at a club. I found out at 10 wks that I had hiv...so now what?Keep a baby that i could never love, or donate an aids baby that wont live to an unsuspecting couple.  Shove your holier than though crap where the sun dont shine. a good christian doesnt judge..i didnt ask for it either.Comments to a healthcare worker --- not ready for baby (usually financial reasons) -- not sure who the father is --- fetus has deformaties/birth defects.....sometimes no life is better than the life a mother could give at the time. ex. mother does drugs and baby will be retarded or mutilated.its illegal to abort a "baby" but people abort  a fetus because they know they cannot handle a child mentally, financially, physically, whatever the case may be.Immature selfishness.How many unwanted babies have you adopted? How many abandoned mothers and babies have you supported? Talk is cheap.because she is 16 years old,  stupid and have a loser boyfriend that is 17.    neither has enough education or skills to support themselves , much less a baby.  the girls parents dont want to raise the kid so they influence her to abort it.. . i know your next question--why not give it up for adoption?  because  after carrying a baby for 9 months, things change,   it becomes difficult to give it up.  they wind up keeping it.. . its a tough decision, not one that people make easily, and it can weigh on your mind for years.  i wish no one had abortions, but in many cases it is the best thing to do.I've never had an abortion or even been pregnant but, I think most women abort their child because they don't want the baby. They're afraid to what would happen if one of their loved ones found out if they were pregnant. So, they do the only thing they think they can do. But, it's not the only thing they can do. I'm pro-choice but more leaning towards anti-abortion.Great question, Ma'am. What also strikes me is that 99.9%, (hypotheticaly speaking) of all women who abort have regrets about doing so. As if even their own conscience knows what they did is wrong. Why do they keep doing it?your working yourself up over something you cant change...why dont you go play with dolls or something???Abortion is a very difficult subject. Its easy for people to say " Oh I would never abort a child!" I must add that it really depends on the individual situation.  You cannot know how difficult it is unless you are faced with making this decision. I used to be extremely against it. I used to get really heated when talking about how messed up the people were that had them.. .  Now though I have been through a similar situation where my partner and I were faced with a very difficult choice.  I am grateful we never had to make it.(it was made for us naturally) but since then I do not judge those who have them as we as outsider can not possibly know or understand what that person is really going through. There are case where is it understandable. The mother needs and health should be considered. Although I hope you never have to make such a decision.. . Peace to all life.Would you rather be brought up in an inadequate life of poverty, with no father and a young, inexperienced mother or be dead?Lets say your 12 year old daughter was raped. She didnt even know what sex was. But she got pregnant. You have 3 options....make your 12 year old go through the humilation of being at school pregnant at 12, Make her have it and give it up for adoption which she still has that humiliation and its not fair for her.... either way she is always gonna have the horrible expeirence of being at school, or she is going to have to leave at age 12.....raise a baby at age 12 that was concieved by violence and a constantly have a horrible memory... or give it to someone else and still have that pain...... Abortion is ok in some circumstances.Honestly, it's in YOUR opinion that those women are murders. To others, it's their body and sometimes the best choice for them. I'm not sure what each case is, but I don't call women murders for having an abortion. I also hope you realize there is a debate whether or not it can be considered murder. Some say life doesn't start until you leave the womb, others say it starts with conception. I say to you...watch what you say.There are hundreds of reason. . rape . if the baby won't live a healthly life and so on~A woman has no way to support the baby. ~Abusive parents. ~You are 14 and ccan't have a kid. ~the list goes on and on!Well, imagine if you are, say, a 14 year old girl who has been raped. You are not ready for a child, you do not want a child, you are not prepared for the physical and emotional complexities of having a child, and you have your whole life ahead of you. How would you feel about abortion now?Sometimes it is hard to understand why someone wouldn't want a child... but it really isn't our place to judge them or their situation.  Financially or emotionally it maybe too great of a burden on the Mom or it maybe what is truly best for everyone if the pregnancy is terminated.   If a parent will only neglect or abuse the child I think it is the most responsible thing to do in some cases.. rather than put the child in a system that is already over flowing with unwanted or abused children.  Of course if the mom was raped or molested a pregnancy would be a horrible reminder of that violation.   It would be a wonderful world if every child was conceived out of love and every child was meant to be but this is not a perfect world so termination is a necessary evil.ill tell you why i did it..... i was in a relationship with a man, who knocked me up. on accident enev though i was on the pill.. He was living with his ex and never would commit to me..... if i woulda had that baby, it would be starving right now because it wouldnt have a dad to help pay for its food and im just some 21 yr old trying to get on my own feet.. if i woulda had that baby, it woulda suffered its whole life because of me....so if anything, i was NOT selfish, at least i didnt want to ruin a childs life..... and i do feel sad about it very often....i would never even do it again, but I look back and still know that is the right deciosn
I agree. Why bother? I read some of the answers and some people on here have no idea what they are doing andsaying! Or they just answer with "I dont know" etc. The rest are kids. So I guess the drive is the points. It took me a month and a half weeding thru dumb questions to answer enough to get to the next level.Because you won't know until you ask.you no there are people in life that just dont mind there own bee wax and its people like that, that make it hard for people like you to grow and deal with your own problems.  All you have to say is look but out and let me run my own life.  Its ok chick ull be fine.  There are also people out there that are so silly that you have to like write step by step info to get your point across.  But thats ok.  As long as you sort all your problems out and live life to the fullest then thats what will make you who you are!I hate it when other people butt in to my conversationsit is all about the "points"....and thank you for another 2 points added to my total.people do that for the pointsYou use Answers at your own risk. Sad but true.
simply consider the source and realize that they are so small and insignificant in this universe that they really don't have any power over you unless you let your emotions be run by them. plus they may have psychological issues and will probably end up with legal problems in their lives. avoid them and if they just won't let up take it to the Principle or Police. it's called harassment and that is not legal...Move on.  Do not waste any energy on that person.  . . Life is too short.Laugh with them, it takes all of their power to hurt away when they see that you can laugh too.  It doe not matter what your name is, cruel people will find a way to make it a cruel joke. When they see you laughing, they will be puzzled. Little will they know that you are now in control and the joke is on them. Smile alot, they will always wonder what you are up to.First remember each detail of the experience, not with your eyes, but with your ears, because the eyes tell the other person they are getting to you. That's what they want. They want to humiliate you and get you angry.. It's not easy, but ignore it completely.. It takes some acting. It's an art to defuse a situation. I'm not too good at it myself, but I've seen it done.. I just shut down and that makes me more angry.. An adult will be aware, but not put themselves into a situation. It's like letting a fire burn itself out. Ultimately, the people putting you down are displaying their ignorance and immaturity.. People can be vicious and cynical. Maybe they are jealous.juss close ur eyes, take a deeeeep breath, tighten ur fists, concentrate on the form in front of u                  and juss punch them squarely on their nose!!!! that would treat them right for harassing u!!!!!!In my circle of friends and co-workers we all try to humiliate and cunt down joke or what ever you call it i tell them "hey i get big shoulders at 6 ft1 at least your leaving some poor sap that cant handle it  alone" then i walk away that lets them know that i am a adult and can handle anything these morons can dish out and shake it off after that they usually leave me alone because its not worth their time messing with me.Hope it helps.the best response is by not giving it a thought...okay now for teh real answer insult their intelligence if they make fun of your clothes say something like "how original did you come up with that your self or did your mommy help you think of that?" or "At least I can be creative you just look like a manniquin...you know a brainless follower." . Take a look at yourself and know that a person who uses humility as a weapon is the one with issues not you. Use your judgement not emotion=peaceful existenceDepends.  . . 1)  Did you do something stupid to incur the humiliation?  If so, learn from your mistake and don't do something that stupid again ... or at least make sure no one knows you did something stupid.. . 2)  If you did nothing wrong and someone is just heaping verbal insults at you.  Take action!  A swift backhand against the other person's jaw will send them spinning to the ground.  Striking a bully down is the quickest way of showing who is the alpha male.  They will think twice before insulting you again, and anyone seeing you topple the guy will send a quick wave of gossip out that you are not to be trifled with.
Because it makes it easier for them to criticize them and put them down.  You notice that men in particular do this. Straight men generally tend to be more threatened by gay men, because they have to question their own sexual preference and a lot of them may have thought about it or done it before and they are too scared to admit it.  So they overreact to prove to everyone that they are not gay.When is a queer not going down on another queer?    Never! ;-). Thats why, because they are always sexually eager to give each other head.Have you been around very many gay men?  Generally speaking they are especially eager.  I think most men are very eager sexually but with gay men it is socially expected and encouraged so they don't try to hide it.  . . I've talked to some straight guys and it was explained to me that with a man and a woman, typically the man is more eager for the sex than the woman.  So things don't progress as quickly physically.  With two men they are both just as eager so things move a little faster.Because they are.
Psychological Threrapy is 'talking therapy', usually with a psychologist, psychotherapist or counsellor.. It can be used on its own or in conjunction with medications prescribed. by a Psychiatrist.it's a treatment .A great deal of the time, it it "psycho logical".  . . After all, haven't you noticed that a person who performs therapy is called a therapist, or "the rapist"? And psychotherapy is "psycho therapy"? Or a psycotherapist is a "psycho therapist"?  I have.. . Accident?Talking to some one for $2.00 per minuteAnother name for counselling?. Behaviour?. Need more info for a better answer.A) First of all, it is not BIOLOGY. B) What is it? Why, THIS!
Tries to please and fails, Aggression comes out in indirect ways, . Sometimes agrees to do things for others and then doesn’t follow through, Often feels pressure to perform, and has expectation and fear of failure, procrastination, Also passive-aggressively defeats his own inner critic, so can’t discipline self ,Sometimes acts out annoying behavior while not consciously knowing its impact on others.  Sees self as cooperative, Sees people who are controlling as assertive, Sees people who are judgmental as perceptive.  Passive-aggressive people are often attracted to controlling people in a destructive way, and vice versa. Passive-aggressive people often gets into serious conflicts with controlling people. A passive-aggressive person often makes others very frustrated while feeling bad about himself for doing this. He will often not give his partner what she or he wants.Passive-aggressive behavior refers to passive, sometimes obstructionist resistance to authoritative instructions in interpersonal or occupational situations. Sometimes a method of dealing with stress or frustration, it results in the person attacking other people in subtle, indirect, and seemingly passive ways. It can manifest itself as resentment, stubbornness, procrastination, sullenness, or intentional failure at doing requested tasks. For example, someone who is passive-aggressive might take so long to get ready for a party they do not wish to attend, that the party is nearly over by the time they arrive.I am an expert in this because my boyfriend is VERY passive-aggressive and my last boyfriend was as well. Basically these people were taught as children that it was bad to be direct about their wants and needs. So they express them indirectly by annoying their victim or "punishing" them for doing something they didn't like. They often are products of a parent who is a drug addict or alcoholic. They get their needs met by doing things under everyone's radar and hope not to get noticed doing it.. . It's NOT about people who are passive sometimes and aggressive other times. But these people can be passive-aggressive only at home or only at work or only in certain circumstances. . . Here's an example. My boyfriend gets annoyed at his parents for calling him too much so he won't answer their calls or call them back for days, rather than just telling them it's annoying that they do that.. . This is a personality disorder but some people are somewhat passive-aggressive, but not enough to be diagnosed. It is a lot more complicated than that, but I hope that helps. If you need to know more there is a book called ''passive-aggressiveness: a guide for the patient, therapist and victim". I forget the author but it's great.It's when an individual is aggressive at times and passive at other times.  It's kind of a contradiction because you would not expect an overly aggressive person to show signs of being passive.
Bad news. You are what you are and the way you will be........You can get therapy every day and it won't help. You can change for the period of time that you are thinking about it and trying to change, but you will go back to the same personality.. . It is a brain chemistry thing. That's why people go on drugs. You could stay on the drugs forever, I guess. But when you go off them, there you are again......Just you and that old original personality....Humans are not like soaps and cleaner items that boast, "NEW AND IMPROVED". Just doesn't happen for us.Have a sex transplant.Are you not happy with the way you are??If you are not happy with it , you should seek pro. help. Hard to do by yourself.Well you could try (it wouldnt be easy) but if you aren't being your true self then people will see you as a fake then no one will respect you. I am guessing you want to change for someone other than yourself (your parents or maybe to make your crush like you)? If you are too loud, just try toning it down or if your shy make an effort to speak to more people. But to change yourself is loosing your integrity and if people dont like you as you are, then they aren't worth your time.Depends on what you want to change. There are a ton of self-help books, programs, etc.simple answer, you can't, believe me, i've tried, you end up losing yourself emotionally, and you become bitter and twisted at the end of it, feelings you once thought of as passing ones, have a big impact on you, because you have to reform your personality, and in the process, you become a shell of ur former self, the plus side is you become interested in some really fun taboo stuff.. . you are normal, you are special, because, you are yourselfUnfortunately, it take a lot of conditioning.  What you can do is change your reaction toward certain situations.  More often your personality is going to change with age, or a life changing experience.  For example, a few peoples attitudes have changed after 9-11.   People views may change after some education, like "safe" vs "safer" sex.  I know that I'm not as an idealistic as I was when I was younger.  So I'm becoming more realist yet I try to be optimistic.your pearlsonality (pearl) is pearlfect.. you may need to scrub on it to get the good stuff. like a nut, crack it open. like a pearl develops, so shall you.. pray, to the Great Creator, the Big Mac in the sky, the Big Guy, you'll prosper. the cool thing is you're askingIn grade school I was shy and a doormat.  My sophmore year I took theatre.  By taking acting, I learned to develop characters when I was in a situation that made me afraid.  The summer after my senior year, I traveled with a company doing store resets for 10 weeks.  I decided I didnt want to be the shy person I always was.  So I became the outgoing person I always wanted to be.  They didnt know me, so who cared?  Ever since then I have said what I wanted and when I wanted.  Acting definately helped me change.  . . It has to be a conscious decision.  If you are tired of the personality you have, you have to find an avenue that allows you to be who you are and who you want to be.  No matter what you will always be the same person.  It just takes iniative to change yourself. . . The best thing is to find a counselor or group that will allow you to express yourself.a bullet.When you naturally want to act a certain way, stop yourself and act another way. You have to be constantly aware of how you act so you can modify it and therefore change your personality one step at a time. Soon it will become second nature to act the other way and voila you have changed your personality. . . Maybe.
a really quiet person is usually more confident. Having to. talk a lot is a sign of insecurtiy and quiet people are MUCH. more interesting because you never know what they are thinking.Fake it. I vomit before I have to talk to new people, but I fake confidance so well people think I'm perfect... Just pretend you're a goddess. Make yourself believe it, and watch every action you make, every word you say and every piece of body language.Find an area of interest that you specialize in and then go to a group that shares the same interest.  It will give you something to talk about and it would be god practice for other social functions.I became more confident and learned how to speak in public at Alcoholics Anonymous.  You start by telling your name only. . . Try one on one situations.  They are less intimidating.. . What is the source of your lack of confidence?  Try therapy.  You don't have to be psycotic to see one.maybe you should try to be around your close mates or family and practise talking to them. you should also try to particpate in leisure activities because it requires teamwork and to be successful you have to communicate to each other to win. this will help gain your confidence for sure. dancing helped me a lot and it was such a big step for me too because i had to perform infront of 10,000 people when i could've chosen to do sports or something smaller than dancing! but i'm good with it all now. goodluckfirst u should believe that u are confident than only others . will feel, u should feel "u are what u believe in are"just tell yourself "FUCK IT!" and yea just forget about everything, i mean about caring what others think. yea thats what i do around new peoplewell i can say this because i know .quit being so judgemental of yourself and others . Do not take what people say to heart and get a thicker skin if you plan on becoming more talkative  because the more you say the more comments you will get back .. do not worry about what others think so what you beleive is true and be ready to take some criticism for it .. the more you do this the easier it becomes  focus on what you are saying and listen to what is said in responce too.now having self confidence starts in your head. if you could only disregard every including shyness. things should be fine. but if your still feel this way try using your inspirations and your goals in lifeinteract with qualified people ..believe ur strength..burning desire..Yes, alcohol is definitely NOT a good solution. Don't use if for a solution of any of your problems... it only worsens things. I used to be extremely quiet (and at certain things, I still am). I think the way that I got over it is learning that each and every individual is special and because of that, I wanted to be a part of that. Each person has something worth talking about. You can take someone you really, really trust. Tell them your situation. Tell them that you want to become more talkative and confident. Let them help you out. You can start out by not being afraid to strike up a conversation. This is one thing that won't kill you. Just when you go to the store, in line while the cashier totals your stuff, say something like "Wow, the weather outside is (________). I can't wait till..." and you've taken step one. I was always afraid of litting things like this. I've talked to so many people just because I took a chance and you learn so many neat things about them... now I love to talk. I think people are so interesting that my major in college now is sociology. If you'd like some more help, or anything you can contact me.
look them in good dictionary an decide by your selfBeing cynical is being doubtful, negative, disbelieving.. . Being sarcastic is when you use irony or the opposite of what is being said in order to be humorous, prove a point, or let someone know that they're being an idiot.go to dictionary.com and LOOK IT UP.cynicism is more like the description of an outlook, sarcasm is basically a figure of speech.Chris Chan has it dead on.  Sarcasm is....Ann Coulter.   Cynicism is the liberals she makes fun of.
They are burrowing for grubs.... http://www.moles-moles.com/. Science to the rescue.... http://www.pestdetour.com/moles_gophers_solutions.asp. http://www.saferbrand.com/faq/wildlife.htm#Plant%20that%20Deters%20Moles. Old fashioned methods of extermination.... http://www.victorpest.com/mole_gopher_products.htmIf you meant moles they are there to eat your plants and flowers. go to the landscape store and get some dried blood it really smells but it will work we had to do that after my mom replaced the flowers she was growing for my wedding 3 times.there after you
Nothing on this earth lives without the death of something else.  It is eat or be eaten.  No amount of civility, culture or education can change that.It doesn't really seem like it to me..not more than today..Blacks and whites not getting along. Bin Laden, Al Queda, and other terrorist organizations.. The only thing is-we've gone from bow and arrows, to nuclear weapons.Those "oldest cultures" derive from the time of "kill or be killed",and have not yet evolved in a more (but not totally) civil and socially advanced world.  They have not accepted the "live and let live) concept.Some cultures are just more open about expressing how they feel, both the good and the bad.  Here in North America, we can be way too polite and tensions build up because no one talks openly about what's bothering them.becuse, the strongest were admired the ruthless feared to control and protect ones empire you had to be feared by your enimies and strongest in yours.  There were no canctions or foreign aid.  if you neede resources you would have to get them.  if you wanted to stop someone you had to force them to do your will.  the only peaceful way of doing anything in the past was to pay for it,  to be protected by rome you had to pay taxs and obide by there rules.  If you didn't you had to protect youself or fear them if they decided they wanted something from you.  there is also the old thing about somepeople just never having enough.
It is a lie. It is a claim for the evolution people that once man was a monkey, and somehow evolved into man. It's also qouted from what is known as a Darwin Theory. It's totally unfounded.Evolution deary.. We evolved from apes - and we continue to evolve further.. How old are you and what have you been taught?????????e.v.o.l.u.t.i.o.n.That would be a picture depicting Charles Darwin's evolution theory. BTW, no question is dumb, you cannot know the answer unless you ask!!
Become a volunteer at a orphanage, an soup kitchen, travel to distressing parts of the world and stay for a while. These type of actions may inspire a sense of compassion in your heart.Start to use some of these confidence-boosting techniques. 1-Practice gratitude - be thankful for what you already have and put your attention on all the blessings you already possess. . . 2-Evaluate Your Relationships - Assess the relationships in your life. Do they support you or sabotage you? . . 3- Start New Relationships - Identify people that have the qualities you admire - people you feel you could learn from and who could learn from you, as well.. . 4-Get into a Good Group. . 5-Change Your Behavior. . 6-Take a Risk A Day - The best way to bolster your confidence is to start doing things you are afraid to do. Make a list of risks for you and start to do them one by one.. . Hopefully this would help youget marriedDo stuff that isn't likely to be lethal. Enough mistakes and you'll get more of a balence as to what you are capable of.it will happen itself after some unexpected incidents,use it but never misuse itExperience hard times.  It seems to me, the ones who are overly confident have usually had their every need catered to. Nine times out of ten,  mommy and daddy never said no.  Try driving a beat-up vehicle, wearing clothing from Good-Will, or working a job like waitressing.  These all made me into the humble being I am today.be a member of club
Even an over-simplified answer to that question of yours would take pages and pages of explanations.. . Apart from historical and theological reasons, the practical differences have also political and sociological roots.catholics prays through mother mary to god anf protestants don't, they go direct.This could require a long and detailed answer, but to put it simply Sunni and Catholic are Orthodox and Protestant and Shia are non-Orthodox or reform.  Though there are some similarities between this dichotomy, the many sects in the respective religions of Christianity and Islam today make the nuances more difficult to describe when it comes to actual beliefs and practices.  Essentially, the Protestants broke off from the Catholics during the reformation in Europe and the Shias broke off from the Sunnis after Karbala.All Christians share the same main prophet, e.g. Christ. A Shia includes Ali as a main prophet in addition to Mohamed, the Sunnis don't.Catholics and Protestants are all Christians.  We all believe in Jesus/God/Holy Spirit.. Sunni and Shiite are all Muslims.  They have entirely different religious beliefs.  They believe in Mohammad as their chief prophet and architect of their religion.  Christians believe Mohammad to be a heretic and accept none of his teachings.it shows the increasing divide between people who cannot "follow" anything as a herd of sheep. it is good that people are practical and thinking. it is the natural law that division should take place. the difference hence is only old and new. newer things are in the process of procreation.
Depending on what you want to do. You outline an essay. The outline of a book is the part telling you what the book is going to be about and so on. I think an outline is the description of something like drawing chalk around dead body and so forthIt depend on what you are talking about.Tracing a persons dead body on the road in chalkOUTLINE MEANS THE LINE THAT FORMS THE OUTER EDGE AND SHOW THE SIZE OF SOMETHING, A DESCRIPTION THAT GIVES THE MAIN FACTS ONLY, . TO DESCRIBE THE MAIN POINT OF AN IDEA OR PLANS.discribing
It causes many harmful effects such as:. Global warming- Due to harmful gases, released by vehicles, and also causes air pollution.. Nuclear explosions- modern technology for explosions for underground mining, wars etc, causes problems to be faced by the nature.. Depletion of resources- due to improvment in the health facilites, ther is a constant growth in population, which leads to depletion of resources like forest, fuels, wildlife, and many more.actually everything could be use in many ways, and science is not an exception.. for example Atomic bomb. we can use radioactive for health matters.. another example is Gun. we can use it to defend ourselves from beasts but we kill each other.. now it is a starting point. think about anything you want (like a knife, a car and its pollution,...) and see it in two different perspectives.
i have not been hypnotized yetPretty much the same as the first 3 times.I havent been hypnotized the first time yet so who knows about the 4thseriously,  the 4th time; i quite smoking for the next 40 days.  funny, that's the same amount of days, that the cost of the cigarettes not smoked would equal the cost of the session.. . strange........ . that also included an audio cassette tape (not to be used while driving an automobile or operating heavy equipment) and wrist tapping advice.well i instantly forgot all the other three times i was hypnotized.I have never been hypnotized, but I would love to be.  There's always been a question to me if it really works.  If it does, there's some serious stuff that would come out of me.  I know stuff happened to me that I have blocked out, there was physical evidence of it.  Wow, does it really work???  Oh, sorry for asking a question within your question, but hypnotism is very interesting to me!  Wish I could have answered your question, though!
What you are, the qualities that you have when you come to this world. Like if you're sociable and that's natural from you,i mean even though years go by and you have no connection with people,  then if you see someone, you'll be able to talk naturally because that's what you came to this world with, being sociablepsychology-only you can answer thatyour essence is the things that make yuo the person you are for example you migh like doing good things for people and that is how everyone would describe you as a giver, it is how one would describe youI often find myself asking the same question.. . Just remember that life is a highway. I wanna drive it all night long.Words cannot answeryour essence is what the essence you think you knowIts a perfume brand. lol
Kids imitate.  If they see the Tv/ computer/ ps2 is off and mom and dad are reading after dinner  it will rub off.  Take them with you or at least drive by where you work. Have them read to you while you fold clothes or cook or...  Let them take collage classes when they're in their teens.  It makes the path to collage seem as logical as the one from sixth to seventh grade.Through two incentives:. 1. Short term rewards such as candy, video, late night TV, etc.. 2. Long term rewards, good jobs, vs. min. wage jobs.the environment they live in is very important in my opinion, if they see their parents reading books, discussing things they will tend to do the same. my point is that good role models are very importantWhen they ask you a question say, "Let's find out", then help them research the answer.  Role model reading for enjoyment and to learn.  Instill a love for learning, by voicing your satisfaction and excitement about learning.  It's all in the role modeling, I'm convinced.  They won't be influenced by anything else.turn off the  TV  and video games.  Limit computer time.By giving them rewardshmm !! not possible...im myself a student and no body can force me to study unless i my self wish to.Make it more fun!  Take what they like and integrate the stuff they need to learn.Speak softly and carry a big stick!Reward them when they study or achieve something great! That will ALWAYS motivate them and keep them on task, especially if it's something they really, really want :)Get them off from activities that parents have forced them to participate. The baseball, football, dancing, skating, gymnastics, drama, etc., etc. First,  the parents should find out their children's interests. Do not "force" things to them.. You don't need to have zillions of doctorate degrees to learn about life and work. Highest education doesn't guarantee success. One can make good money from it but...it's not all about that.. My suggestion is find out what the child(ren) love to do and inspire them to be the "greatest" of it. . Look at yourself. What have you become?They need to be read with often starting from a young age. If its too late for that then show them a game the can play while studying.Get them excited about learning by teaching them what they have an interest to know.  They will be able to apply those learning skills later on to things they NEED to know.
These are my phobias.. . Limnophobia- Fear of lakes.. Achluophobia- Fear of darkness.. Altophobia- Fear of heights.. Ichthyophobia- Fear of fish.. Acarophobia- Fear of itching or of the insects that cause itching.. Pnigophobia or Pnigerophobia- Fear of choking of being smothered.. Brontophobia- Fear of thunder and lightning.a strange phobia i have is soggy bread i have my bread to be soggy its nasty and horrifying it really messes up a meal i dnt care if i havent eatin in 10 days and i get a burger and its soggy im not eating it its scaryI'm somewhat frightened by films with Nick Nolte.. I'm really not sure why.I have the garden variety of phobias:  fear of heights, fear of spiders, fear of the dark.  But here's some for your question:. 1. hippopotomonstrossesquippedaliophobia - fear of long words.. 2. homilophobia- fear of sermons.. 3. phobophobia - fear of phobias.. 4. arachibutyrophobia - fear of peanut butter stuck on the roof of one's mouth.This is a long list, but it covers just about everything.. A-. Ablutophobia- Fear of washing or bathing.. Acarophobia- Fear of itching or of the insects that cause itching.. Acerophobia- Fear of sourness.. Achluophobia- Fear of darkness.. Acousticophobia- Fear of noise.. Acrophobia- Fear of heights.. Aerophobia- Fear of drafts, air swallowing, or airbourne noxious substances.. Aeroacrophobia- Fear of open high places.. Aeronausiphobia- Fear of vomiting secondary to airsickness.. Agateophobia- Fear of insanity.. Agliophobia- Fear of pain.. Agoraphobia- Fear of open spaces or of being in crowded, public places like markets. Fear of leaving a safe place.. Agraphobia- Fear of sexual abuse.. Agrizoophobia- Fear of wild animals.. Agyrophobia- Fear of streets or crossing the street.. Aichmophobia- Fear of needles or pointed objects.. Ailurophobia- Fear of cats.. Albuminurophobia- Fear of kidney disease.. Alektorophobia- Fear of chickens.. Algophobia- Fear of pain.. Alliumphobia- Fear of garlic.. Allodoxaphobia- Fear of opinions.. Altophobia- Fear of heights.. Amathophobia- Fear of dust.. Amaxophobia- Fear of riding in a car.. Ambulophobia- Fear of walking.. Amnesiphobia- Fear of amnesia.. Amychophobia- Fear of scratches or being scratched.. Anablephobia- Fear of looking up.. Ancraophobia- Fear of wind. (Anemophobia). Androphobia- Fear of men.. Anemophobia- Fear of air drafts or wind.(Ancraophobia) . Anginophobia- Fear of angina, choking or narrowness.. Anglophobia- Fear of England or English culture, etc.. Angrophobia - Fear of anger or of becoming angry.. Ankylophobia- Fear of immobility of a joint.. Anthrophobia or Anthophobia- Fear of flowers.. Anthropophobia- Fear of people or society.. Antlophobia- Fear of floods.. Anuptaphobia- Fear of staying single.. Apeirophobia- Fear of infinity.. Aphenphosmphobia- Fear of being touched. (Haphephobia). Apiphobia- Fear of bees.. Apotemnophobia- Fear of persons with amputations.. Arachibutyrophobia- Fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth.. Arachnephobia or Arachnophobia- Fear of spiders.. Arithmophobia- Fear of numbers.. Arrhenphobia- Fear of men.. Arsonphobia- Fear of fire.. Asthenophobia- Fear of fainting or weakness.. Astraphobia or Astrapophobia- Fear of thunder and lightning.(Ceraunophobia, Keraunophobia). Astrophobia- Fear of stars or celestial space.. Asymmetriphobia- Fear of asymmetrical things.. Ataxiophobia- Fear of ataxia. (muscular incoordination). Ataxophobia- Fear of disorder or untidiness.. Atelophobia- Fear of imperfection.. Atephobia- Fear of ruin or ruins.. Athazagoraphobia- Fear of being forgotton or ignored or forgetting.. Atomosophobia- Fear of atomic explosions.. Atychiphobia- Fear of failure.. Aulophobia- Fear of flutes.. Aurophobia- Fear of gold.. Auroraphobia- Fear of Northern lights.. Autodysomophobia- Fear of one that has a vile odor.. Automatonophobia- Fear of ventriloquist's dummies, animatronic creatures, wax statues - anything that falsly represents a sentient being.. Automysophobia- Fear of being dirty.. Autophobia- Fear of being alone or of oneself.. Aviophobia or Aviatophobia- Fear of flying.. B-. . Bacillophobia- Fear of microbes.. Bacteriophobia- Fear of bacteria.. Ballistophobia- Fear of missiles or bullets.. Bolshephobia- Fear of Bolsheviks.. Barophobia- Fear of gravity.. Basophobia or Basiphobia- Inability to stand. Fear of walking or falling.. Bathmophobia- Fear of stairs or steep slopes.. Bathophobia- Fear of depth.. Batophobia- Fear of heights or being close to high buildings.. Batrachophobia- Fear of amphibians, such as frogs, newts, salamanders, etc.. Belonephobia- Fear of pins and needles. (Aichmophobia). Bibliophobia- Fear of books.. Blennophobia- Fear of slime.. Bogyphobia- Fear of bogeys or the bogeyman.. Botanophobia- Fear of plants.. Bromidrosiphobia or Bromidrophobia- Fear of body smells.. Brontophobia- Fear of thunder and lightning.. Bufonophobia- Fear of toads.. C-. . Cacophobia- Fear of ugliness.. Cainophobia or CainotHere are a faw:. Ablutophobia-fear of washing or bathing. Peladophobia-fear of bald people. Chronomentrophobia- fear of clocks. Anemophobia-fear of windim not sure what the scientific term for it was, but i seed this one lady on Home Delivery that was horrified of little harmless tropical aquarium fish!I've heard of a phobia of.... -spiders. -people that can't organize. -people that organize too much. -people that have very bad OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder). -people that have long distant relationships. -people that are from a different religion/race/sexuality etc. than them. . Thats all I've heard of... but they're all very intresting. . To find out more, usualy talk shows talk about phobias a lotWell I don't know the term of it, but I get a scared feeling when I see stuff with lots of little holes in it. Like wood that's eaten by termites, or those trees that have bark ripped off everywhere.. I have no idea why... I'm a freak. Call it imafreakphobia
it is difficult. i am lazy and i procrastinate...but conversly i won't quit something once i start  it! so if I just get started I am over the disease.do somethingget off your butt and start moving dont think about it and just do it, I know this inductive approach does not seem wise but it makes for great experience some of us learn by fire makes life a little more interestingStart doing things.  Laziness is an attitude, not a condition.
being an ideal work associate. . thanks,. . ssIf you are being harassed on the job, speak to a manager right away.A "Work Ethic" refers to an individual's attitude towards work. I have no such ethic.Work ethic is a set of values based on the moral virtues of hard work and diligence. It is also a belief in moral benefit of work and its ability to enhance character. An example would be the Protestant work ethic or East Asian work ethic. A work ethic may include being reliable, having initiative or maintaining social skills.it's basically a code of proper conduct/morals that should be followed at work. ie don't take bribe gifts, don't date co-workers, etc....
they are just trying to keep their beauty going for as long as possible.cause thats what girls doNo, not only do we like variety, but we also have different products for different needs of our skin.   One day it may be dryer than another or we may want a special fragrance for that special 'someone' to take notice of.    Most of all, we like to keep you guys guessing!we have alot of differnt lotions.lotions for after we shave or waxs,in the morning,at night,ect...blame it on the marketing!. and the fragances. and the packaging. and the promises. oh what the heck i love trying them all. and i love how it makes my skin feels. and i love it that my husband likes itI like to try different fragrances...and I am always in search of one that will work better than the one I currently use.Honestly...NO....why can't guys stick with one car  forever?Because we like differenet scents. It gets boring if you use the same thing all the time!<3Well you don't eat the same stuff every day, and your skin doesn't want to get the same stuff every day as well. That's what a dermatologist told me, she recommended using different lotions and cremes for day and night, winter and summer, and even for different times of the monthly cycle.because we love trying on new stuff. it's like when you get sick of eating the same brand of something and you try a different one.. for example: i used to use mary kay products and they felt good at the beginning but after a few weeks my skin was so dry and with stains!!! that's when i started to use clinique. and I'm sure that if clinique one day stops working for me, I'll try something new.because we can that's why !!!!!! A woman can change her mind at anytime that is our God givin' right !!  lolAs a woman I've always felt that the overuse of different lotions,creams,masks,scrubs, etc can interfere with natural oil production and "confuse" the skin. I use a particular body wash from Victoria's Secret, one facial scrub, and no lotions or creams. I'm line and wrinkle free at 41.woman who knows man!because we love descovering, trying different things so we can fell special in are style .Because it's good for you're skin to use the different types, or you just might feel like change.Smells really affect a woman so we lean towards good smelling lotions. Also, some creams are textured differently and are not for delicate around the eye skin. All creams are not alike. Some are oilier than others and not right for our skin. Some have alcohol in them and a dry skin doesnt need that. And then we just like to smell good and be soft for our men. You don't mind do you?i use the same thing all the time. now do i get the 10 points??Different lotions and different creams are used for different purposes, sometimes one needs a cream for when your skin feels drier or oilier, so one needs creams, moisturizers, also they need to exfoliate their faces and seem to get more pimples than men due to hormones and their period.Women's faces tend to be softer than mens and so need more care. . We also appreciate different smells so enjoy a different scent, depending on our mood, maybe we are just more in touch with our feminine side than men and these are simple pleasures to us.are you looking for hints on what to use? a good variety of creams mean you have the choice of what you prefer. We all want eternal youth but we cant always have what we want and if were a bit short of ready cash a day cream at night or a night cream at day (or even if we just hate shopping) is sometimes better than nothingbecause women are great!because different women have different types of skini use rejuvenating  and whitening cream at night.. sunblock during the day. kewl? (,"}?. likewise with lotions.. how about u, dont u ever use creams?Because what might be good for us at night might not be as good in the morning.bcuz we want to be sexi for u men.....One kind of lotion is like one sexual position. Boring. Wouldn't you agree?No they cant,read the labels,some are for oil or dry control,some r for wrinkle or black head control,if some one decided to make one that does it all we might have that option but until some scientist invents that one miracle lotin or cream we have to use a variety.because sometime women just want to experiment on other kinds of lotion or maybe try something new instead of the same old lotion or facial cream etc.
find a new hobby dat suits u or maybe get involved in clubsyou already have one and you know it too! i guess what you mean is how to become a more interesting person, right? anyways,.....i know this  is dorky, but listen to different styles of music with lyrics that have some deep meaning, it helped me, it might help you.go to the bar and meet peopleI believe they sell them now, Ebay I think.Well, I've seen Life in the cereal aisle at the grocery store and also in the board games section at Toys R Us.What kind of things would you really like to do.  How do you define fun in your life?  Maybe find something you like to do and focus on that and meet people who are already doing it to mentor you.You've already got one, just use it.You can mail order one from the Sears Roebuck catalog.I don't know, mine is on back order.. . We all go through stages of growth and boredom in our lives. Try to look on the horizon on where you want to be in five years and aim for that goal. It is okay to veer off the goal once in a while as obstacles get in the way, but do your best to keep getting toward your goal.You've already got a precious one with a brilliant intellect.Just put it to use.. Good luck.Usually when someone gets on another's nerves, he/she is often told to "Get a life."Sarah, they hire them out at the local library, you can go in there and choose anyone you like...take it home and study it..maybe get inspired by it. It might just change your life.. Go ON GIVE IT A GO.......Getting a life, so to speak, may include:. hanging out with friends. join some sort of club, organization, or sport, even if it's just once in a while. don't use the computer too much. learn more about the world around you. . Hope that helps.Try the grocery store...steal someones identity...j/kjust dont be boring and lame and lazy and it just works outthe dr. spanks ur butt u gasp and walaa,istant lifeebay.com.sleep with everyoneMilton-Bradley's been making 'em for years. You got the spinny wheel and the little tiny cars that you can put six people into, and you choose to go to college or not and then you get a job and you drive around for a while until you ultimately reach the end and die.. Of course, that was just the prototype. Now, you don't die. You just waste a half an hour and yell at your family members for no particular reason. Fun stuff. . So, get a job, get the necessary $29.99 and buy yours today!. *results may vary*EbayYou allow God to lead you!Well....depends on watchu want from life...ill give u piece of advice....stop expectin things from ppl n just take life as it comes....in short..'life is like an icecream njoy it b4 it melts"..just chill out wid frens,party,dance n FREAK out!!!!by not asking this question!
I believe consumer awareness is a couple things. First would be the consumer themselves, making themselves aware of what they are buying and the consequences for that. I also think it is a measurement for exploitation by businesses. Using a public's lack of awareness to make money.Consumer Awareness is when a Consumer undertsand thigns about their product, such as where it was made, how it was made, was it made in a fair country etc. Its also about recognising and realising we as consumers have responsibilities to try and buy 'fair' products, ie, not stuff like GAPconsumer awareness means the consciousness or awakening among consumers towards their rights and duties. IF you think that you are satisfied by this please tell me my email address is surbhifbd1991@yahoo.co.in THANKS
Electricity is a property of matter that results from the presence or movement of electric charge. Together with magnetism, it constitutes the fundamental interaction known as electromagnetism. Electricity is responsible for many well-known physical phenomena such as lightning, electric fields and electric currents, and is put to use in industrial applications such as electronics and electric powerStatic?electricty is a particle stream of electrons pushed thru a medium by voltagesorry,i dont know
I can only answer for myself; it is not so much *eating* meat that I consider cruel, it is *how* the animals that provide that meat are treated. For example, most chicken comes from "factory farms" - the chickens are so crowded, they have to have their beaks removed; otherwise they would eat each other when they go insane. Do a web search on factory farming and cruelty - no other animal treats their prey that badly!I dont agree with it, but:. . The argument would be that we are above (more intelligent, etc) animals, and therefore above having the same diet as them.  We have evolved beyond that.PETA= People Eating Tasty AnimalsI don't think the anti-meat thing is neccesarily a food chain concern, back in caveman days.  Many people are anti-meat or think it's cruel to eat it because the practices used to slaughter . animals these days. Not that being speared or stabbed feels very good either, but chickens are either electricuted while they are still alive hanging from their legs upside down or placed in boiling water while still alive for ease of defeathering. Youwch!  Don't get me wrong love meat/ don't agree with slaughtering techniques but if it was left to me to figure it out I could not figure out a "nice" way aside from anesthesia to kill a food source.You mean carnivore..that is what animals are.  Humans are omnivore's.  the wolves, foxes etc,  have the incisors to tear flesh and meat, I am not about to picket their choice of food, I don't think a tiger will accept a bunch of grapes from me because some human thinks it "wrong" to eat meat.  This is a weird question.  People do not need to eat meat to survive, wild animals do, that's why they have the fangs and the teeth.For some reason yea we all eat meat. Some people think it is just rude that we continuaslly kill animals and eat them for our benifit. I eat meat but I don't eat all of it. I will to not be rude but don't like the taste. I don't see why people think that. And yes you are right, animals eat meat so what is the difference that we eat meat. We are just trying to survive, right?everything comes out even in the end, the rear end. heh,heh, heh.Not to mention these teeth were meant for chewing meat!!!!!  DeliciousJust tell me something.... if animal eats human meat would you consider them..,cruel or not?Eating meat is not cruel. Humanoids were intended to be meat eaters. Torturing and mistreating animals is pathetically cruel. This idea of being a vegetarian didn't even exist (if I am correct...sometimes, even to my surprise, I am not always correct) until the hippies got on the scene in the 60's. For several milleniums (sp) meat was the way it was. There were no additives, no preservatives nothing but pure meat. If we'd stop screwing around with our food we probably would be eating better food.
If the LORD is telling your mum anything....I suggest getting her evaluated for some psychiatric help...-nods-. Hearing voices isn't a good thing...she is messing with you.... . you are just that predictable. . thanks,. . ssAll mothers have it. It's not mind reading it's a feeling you get. I can be at home and mine be at school and I get a feeling and I know something is wrong.News flash! All adults were children once. Believe it or not, it's pretty predictable to say a kid is going to hang out with their friends. They always do! It's not like she's psychic. She just knows what's likely to happen based on past experience.Its weird but they can and do.she knows that your friends are gonna call yo uand ask if you can come over. if you go there every weekend and you didnt go yesterday, your going today. DUHHmmm..  tomorrow you wil eat lunch.. . . . . . . . . . My power boggles the mind right?...   You are a teenager, maybe I missed the mind reading part, but that one was a no brainer.It's a mom thing.  When we are pregnant, we all go to a special mommy school to learn how to read your minds, and at the same time we all have extra eyes implanted in the backs of our heads so that we can watch every move you make.  Don't ever try to put one over on us, it will never work.  We also have special classes in verbal communication, that is why we all tell our children the same things.Mom's have a lot of psychic powers.. It's this thing between moms, pretty freaky at times I have to admit!! They know everything, and you can't hide anything from them, even if you try...One, becaue she was young, onec, herself.  Also, It doesn't take much to figure out that young people like to hang out with their friends, and finally,  most young folks are somewhat predictable.live with you too much time, get out of there!!!
Body image - pregnant movie stars are still slim and have time/energy to put on makeup. Stress - 'succesful' women return to their glamorous and exciting jobs 10 minutes after giving birth. Fear - parenting is either a minefield of potential disaster or a blissfuly accomplished adventure - depending on whether or not you, the parent, is up to the task. Anyway, this is my experience of observing my pregnant wife...Prime example:Britney Spears interview with Matt Lauer the other night. I will chalk up her bad behaviour of smacking gum throughout the entire interview to maybe sick stomach or nerves and surely not the trailer trash she looked to be. Hopefully all that was "baby" emotions and not truly who she portrayed herself to be.
it a behaviour mostly influenced by genetic, culture and tradition. even the smallest creatures tends to take care their child to some extent.The children are the future and are their flesh and blood.
Globe is round & map is flat. Globe is 3d & map is 2d. Globe is boobs & map is pips!1.  A body with the shape of a sphere, especially a representation of the earth in the form of a hollow ball..    2..          1. The earth..          2. A planet..    3. A spherical or bowllike container, especially a glass cover for a light bulb..    4. A sphere emblematic of sovereignty; an orb.. . intr. & tr.v., globed, glob·ing, globes.. . MAP:    1..          1. A representation, usually on a plane surface, of a region of the earth or heavens..          2. Something that suggests such a representation, as in clarity of representation..    2. Mathematics. The correspondence of elements in one set to elements in the same set or another set..    3. Slang. The human face..    4. Genetics. A genetic map.Globe is an round object,the map is flat..Map can be folded and can be easily carried. . Globe is like a map pasted on a ball. Globe is useful for learning rotation of earth, how eclipses happen etc. In short globe is very useful in a classroom as an educational model. A map having only two dimensions, is very convenient for carrying. A globe is useful for understanding geographical facts which we can not physically observe. But for all practical purposes map is best suitable.I mean nobody will use globe for finding.Maps distort reallity. Globes are more accurate but cumbersome to travel with.
The most common answer is simply that a round manhole cover can't fall into the hole it covers. Heavy, round manhole covers are easier for one person to move by standing it on end and rolling. Also, you don't have to "align" a manhole cover to it's hole ... any orientation will do.they cant fall through the hole-if square they wouldthey are round because if they accidentally get set down vertical in their hole, they won't fall in. a square will just fall straight through, but a circle, because it bulges, will not just slip straight onto a person's head below.I know this one!!! So that when being removed or replaced, they do not fall into the abyss- below. There is a geometric equation that can be located as to the technical reasoning.Round covers can be removed and moved easily.So they don't fall in the hole.. . A square or rectangle could fall in the hole if they are turned on end, circles do not.
It's an objectAn piece of technology that has both ruined and developed the world.I often see computer chips in my job & I'm pretty sure you are using an actual computer nowI dont know and no I dont think I have. Have you?Yeh and I bet your lookin' at one now...arent u... or its a laptop.stay off the weedI always used to think that a computer was an amazing machine that would answer any question I fed into it , or even spoke into it, (I had seen it all happen on the films and on TV). But now I know different, that particular function is only as good as the information fed into it, so you type in your question and get your 100 different answers, then make up your own mind from the choices given!!. So really it's just an advanced typewriter! With some entertainment value!your on one moronGOOD QUESTION , TO CONFUSE PEOPLE , MAKE THEM THINK  , IS HE FROM ANOTHER PLANET OR ON DRUG'SWhat?? are you crazy????Your looking at one dude, get off whatever your on.  It isn't helping you any.a spare brainThis is a good question with no obvious answer,  I think it may make people think!  I think a computer is anything with a chip inside, so a washing machine is a computer!yes, chances are your writing with it now!com·put·er    ( P )  Pronunciation Key  (km-pytr). n. . 1. A device that computes, especially a programmable electronic machine that performs high-speed mathematical or logical operations or that assembles, stores, correlates, or otherwise processes information. . 2. One who computes.
oil wont mix with water.. i think it usally sits on top of it.I think it means to calm it. Oil will float on top and hold it steadier.
meghalaya means the 'home of clouds',since it rains a lot there. it is named so.where clouds remains permanently,house for clouds.
that you wish for a horse and think a lot about that??. have no ideaWhat?That's from the GodFather.I assume you're asking what a dream of yours means... that in your dream, someone gave you a horse as a gift?. . I imagine it probably has to do with how you feel about horses and who gave you the gift.  Once there's an emotional context, we could give opinions on what it could mean based on your personal life.what the heck is the meaning of your question?Hello! Horses usually represent power or authority when they appear in dreams. The color of the horse is important, too, to let you know what kind of power it is. Hope this helps!. . www.interpretmydream.com
Because political correctness has taught them that any authority expressed by a male can be dismissed out-of-hand as repression.. . (added later) I think it's very interesting that at least one and possibly two of the replies following mine incorrectly assumed that the question meant that males should always have authority over females.  A little touchy, are we, ladies?  Or just eager to exercise that PC veto power?If you are respectfully disagreeing with the male authority than there should be no fight.  But if you are just disagreeing with the rules set by the male authority then you are rebelling.  Hopefully that male authority is just overly concerned with your safety and well being which we do have a tendency to do even after the age of maturity.  If you are of adult age then you should probably have a coming of age talk with the man.  If your not of age then you only have to deal with it for a couple more years.Why should a male necessarily have authority over a female-Why not?Why is there an assumed MALE authority? If there is no male authority, why fight against it? And what makes you think that anyone ALWAYS does anything?...I didn't know they did. You can't speak for all women, you know. It's impossible for you to know what girls "always" do.
Learn to let it set in, and just get over it, not by ignoring, but realizing it is inevitable.  Once you have mastered this, future dissappointment is not so dissappointing.  You will become a better person.by ignoring ppl to think about it, then getting over it.i drink heavily... Sad aint itLet it set in.Take about a week to heal and carry on with life. You can't stop man!By looking for something good that may have come of itI prefer to prevent it.  Disappointment only happens when there is a preconceived notion of some outcome.  If you don't already have an idea of what you want to happen, it's never disappointing.  Also, as long as you know that there is sense and order in the world, anything that happens will be alright anyway.By going into a histrionic rage, kicking at walls, snapping at my co-workers, and letting off some steam with a little free-wheeling road rage during my commute home.  There's nothing like incorporating drama and crisis into your world schema to help alleviate the pain of disappointment.  Hyuck!Look for the positives instead of the negatives in it.
A smart, beautiful women. I don't think I'm ugly, but I think intelligence is the key to everything. Beauty is only skin deep. I'd actually like to be remembered as a good Mom, a hard worker, truthful, honest, loyal and caring.a smart beautiful womanI think I would rather be forgotten, I wish I could say otherwise.A smart, beautiful, truely kind woman.....I Just want to be remembered as being a thoughtful, caring and loving person, who whould try to do for those who needed help.  the beauty and brains don't really matter once your gone. I do wish I were smart just so I could be something in life, and make good money, not because I want to be remembered as being smart.I don't care if people remember me as smart or beautiful.  I prefer to be remembered as someone who was a good mother and wife and a nice person.  I want people to think of me as someone who loved and served God.  I hope that I can make an impact on people and the way they live their lives.I would like to be remembered for being a good mom who always did what she could and what was best for her kids. Beautiful doesnt need to play into it and I dont care who remembers this but my kids.'A Smart, Beautiful Woman'A Smart,Beautiful WomanJust forget me!"A Beautiful, Smart Woman"...I guess. . (U almost got me there, though)Smart is quantifiable.  Beauty is relative.  As long as "smart" is in the description, I don't care where they put "beautiful".  Nobody (hopefully) will be able to dispute my intelligence, and my loved ones think I'm beautiful anyway.  If I had to choose, I'd say let me be remembered as a smart, beautiful woman.i think that beautiful, smart woman....cuz i think poeple rem. the last words more...
A Table  of solid teak wood.. . The top takes scratches, beatings, hot utensils, banging cups and everything but remains  attractive just with an addition of a vase of flowers day after day.. . The for logs can take any amount of burden without buckling over.. . All it takes for maintenance is a coat of varnish every 5/6 years.My house best describes who I am. All the choices of color, furniture, pattern, decor items, gifts, reflect what I love and value.A Cross. Because God is most important too memirror,you receive exactly what you give !a Rice Plant.. . They are modest, live in the muddy evironment, they bowed to the ground to held the weight of its white content which is very usefull to other people. Many people depend on it for their living.it would have to be my house.  why?  because it says a lot about my life.
because, it is related to the chemicals which are related to science. they are essential to study.Chemistry is a basic because all matter can be broken down into elements (i.e., hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, etc.); without matter, nothing could be studied.Well chemistry can be a basic Science because really...you use it everyday especially if you cook.  Thats all cooking really is chemicals and experiments.  Baking brownies for example all chemistry...gather your materials gather your ingredents and combine to form something new and next you put into oven and the chemical reaction takes place because of the convection of the oven the heat cooks the batter and your end result brownies ta dow! . . Definition of Chemistry: Branch of science concerned with the study or the structure and composition of the different kinds of matter, the changes that may undergo, and the phenomena that occur in the course of these changes. . The Definition of Science: In latin it means knowledge any systematic field of study or body of knowledge that aims, through experiment, observation, and deduction, to produce reliable explanations of phenomena, with reference to the material and physical world.well science has something to with the chemical equations and formulaes. chemistry,    the name itself suggests chemical, working with chemicals, conducting experiments. so, it may form the basic science
Anthropolgy studies cultures (acrchaeology deals with bones). Sociology deals with issues in society and how that affects the people within that society. (ie racism, AIDS, crime, etc)anthropology has to do with the species and sociology has to do with the inneraction of people sociallyIt's more broad compared to sociology.  More focus on animals, behavior, evolution, genetics, bones, and a little biology.  Lot's of bones.  Lot's and lots of bones.
before you open your mouth to answer them back stop and count to 10 and turn and walk away. See if this helpsstop talking and stay home a lot on your own, you are making a good start by being on this site.  ;)Think of how you would like to be treated ?. And remember the people you are abusing have loved ones that care for them and if you got to know them you might be great friends onedayyou dont have to say everything that comes to your mind. keep your opinions to yourself. you need to take time and find out whats really bothering udevelop a large vocabulary and use it.think before you start a fight.grow up and be an adult ... now GIDDYUP !!!Ask yourself if it is worth it.  Then walk away.
what do u mean? gerenally sex is on my mind when i masterbate obviouslyME!Well, knowing that masterbation is one of my specialties, I masterbate daily. I can't really think of what a girl would masterbate about, except having sex with another man. o_o I would say they might rip out a massager in a back massager arm chair thing and put it in or on there asshole, and imagibne that they're getting fucked. o_o... Dildos they might use also.How good your body feels. That's it - oh and my husband likes to watch too!!!not you.my husband likes to watch me do it. but other than that when the need arises and he is at work or not home i do my  business and go onummm can someone say virgin?Um the lack of sex they are not getting, or the lack of enjoyment/pleasure from the sex they are getting. If a man can't pleasure us, we can do it our self's.Other women!shoppingWell - every girl is diffrent - but generally for me it involves a room full of very horney men - and me; naked.other girls!
Over 60% of the homosexuals in the country experienced some sort of traumatic event when they were in the womb.  I should say that their mother experienced trauma, but this is true and may hold some weight.I think it is caused partially by the environment you're in and also the lack of dating in teenage years.I only know one homo. And he told me when he was young, girls would not talk to him. He said it was so bad he gave up. But he wanted to be loved and he found that love with guys. He claims he is not gay, he would change if women would change their expectation of him. . . YUK   Jesus loves me. I don't have to have guy love. . . I give him credit in the fact he is not freak. He is polite, normal looking guy who did good in school and his parents are super-loaded. I think some girls dropped the ball on a good guy and he slipped to the other side.. . So according to him, it is a choice. I know if you ask a Dr. they will tell you a large part of lesbeins grew up with little or no father figure or they are just curious.I think it is caused by genetic.  Who would want to be homosexualI think that the general answer is "both." However, this question is by no means fully resolved. I think the best answer for now is that dynamic environmental and hereditary factors influence an individual's sexual preferences, gender identity, etc.It is neither. It is a decision made by the person. You are not born gay and if you're surrounded by gay people, you aren't made gay...it's a personal choice. I have a friend who is now straight, but before was gay.I think that the person decides whether he or she wants to be homosexual. I also think that society helps them decide. Just my opinion.
Well sir, as long as there are people in this world there will be racism. you and i or any person in this world are not in a position to elimunate racism, it like the "sun", as long as there is "sun", there will be racism..... . Just ignore anyone who hurts your feelings, after all how will they know what a wonderful person you can be.. Just enjoy the life, it is given to you once only...... have a nice day...Racism is always in chat rooms because there are racist bastards on the keyboard who don't have respect for me or you.Everyone has  his/her own thinking and philosophy of life.They always think opposite of what is in general.well its because no one understands that every one is equal till they are disrespected and they are idiots on a computer with too much freedom and time on their handsbacause ppl are still listening to ann coulter and coz some people are biased as it makes them feel superiorbecause its anonymous.  . . because it is provocative.Simple.Racism exists in lots of people.From the dawn of time.even in chatrooms!people like to hide behind their anonmity...they would never comfront a person with real racism or hate speechWere you really told you were banned because of that, or are you just jumping to that conclusion? It sounds like you just aren't supposed to use foreign languages in English chatrooms, because people will perceive you as obnoxious for talking in languages you know other people won't understand.there is always going to be racism.  however, i dont think that it is always used the way we commonly know it as.  i think it is also used just to be mean.  for example, if someone says something it make you mad and you know that they are different, you may use a racial slure just to be mean.  lets say your buddy pissed you off real bad and you know he is insecure about his weight.  you get mad and you call him fat.  you may care less how much he weighs, you just say that in order to get under his skin.  i think racism is used more in this context rather than actually hating someone because they are different.There is racism everywhere so that is why you find it in these places too.Look at how America threw thousands of blacks into prison for selling crack, which was much less concentrated cocaine than the importers were bringing into the country.  Throughout the 80's, America threw the sellers into prison, but the sellers were not suppliers.  The suppliers were old white hippies.  . . America felt like it was helping out the country by throwing thousands of blacks into jails, but the real problem was the burnt out hippies flying planes back and forth to columbia.
these days many girls luv going out with gay men and gay men normally get lotsa attention ... so the straight men somewhat felt being left out (something like a LOSER)Not all men have negative perception on gay people.  They are what they are, their faggots!  ;-)fear2 pts for meIt's called homophobic.There are several reasons. They renounce to their manhood and they want to be like women. That is an aberration. Another thing is that gays are very radical. They either love you to death or they hate you to death. If your boss is gay and doesn't like you, you better find another job. . Besides, sometimes gays come close to you and begin to paw you. Since they like that they assume that you like it tooI think it is because men have never tried to get to know a gay man, I have a few gay friends and I love them to death, they are true friends.Their uneducated on the topic; they think that their just being dirty.i do not think that all guys have a negative perception of gays. the guys who are homophobic have probably been raised in a strict "boys do not cry, they do not "get in touch w/their femine side", and they most certainly do not like other guys. most of the guys i know are comfortable with other gay people. they are just like everyone else, despite who they like.there's alot of reasons.. 1) Gays are not welcome in God Kingdom. 2) Disgrace to society. 3) homophobic fucks. 4) they're.... different.. 5) alot more...
I found out that the first quater with George washington on it came out in 1932 to pay tribute to the 200th anniversary of George Washington’s birth. I don't know why he was on the dollar but I do know that the first one dollar bill came out in 1957. I hope this helped!Washington is on the money so you know where to send itI heard that George Washington is on the $1 bill because it is the most circulated (and thus more popular).
Ammunitions.War.Our culture.  In my cultural geography class my professor called the CocaColonization of the world.Pain? nvm thats chuck norris.Capital Goods is considered the top category in US exports.  It constitutes 49% of all US exports.  While industrial supplies constitutes 26% of all exports.. . Under the category of capital goods aircrafts (whole) is our primary export (~$22 Billion) followed closely by auto parts, and the computer equipment.Car. Semiconductor,. Air-plane. Computer. :. :. :. US dollar. Higher Education, . Movies and stars,. Musics and stars,. Software Application. Volunteer people. Gossips. Domestic News,. etc.
Insinuating something means that someone is "hinting" that someone did/didn't do/or is responsible for something that happened.  Say Sally got rear-ended by a stranger and Johnny's car now has damage to the front-end.  Alice might insinuate to a 3rd party that Johnny is responsible.Innuendo. For other uses see Innuendo (disambiguation).. An innuendo is a remark or question, typically disparaging, that works obliquely by allusion. The intention is often to insult or accuse someone in such a way that one's words, taken literally, are innocent. Innuendo can make use of, but is by no means restricted to, double entendre (note that doubles entendres can be unintentional, while innuendo is always intentional).. . When innuendo is used in a sentence, it could go completely undetected by someone who was not familiar with the hidden meaning, and he or she would find nothing odd about the sentence. Perhaps because innuendo is not considered offensive to those who do not "get" the hidden implication, it is often used in sitcoms and other comedy which would otherwise be considered unsuitable for children. Children would find this comedy funny, but because most children lack understanding of the hidden implication in innuendo, they would find it funny for a completely different reason from most adult viewers.. . Sexual innuendo. Sexual innuendo is common in sitcoms and radio comedy such as I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue. For example, in Are You Being Served?, Mrs. Slocombe makes frequent references to her "pussy", such as "It's a wonder I'm here at all, you know. My pussy got soakin' wet. I had to dry it out in front of the fire before I left." A child might find this statement funny simply because of the references to her pussy cat, whereas an adult would detect the innuendo (pussy is sexual slang for vagina). In the context of Are You Being Served?, this is doubly funny as Mrs. Slocombe is apparently unaware of the innuendo, as well. (See British humour). Or, for instance, in the Brady Bunch Movie, Mrs. Brady asks Marcia's date if he has protection (in case it rains) and he answers with "yes, in all different colours and textures". Children would think he's talking about a raincoat or umbrella, whereas an adult knows that he's referring to condoms.. . Sexual innuendo is also common in certain children's shows. Such children's shows include Rocko's Modern Life, The Ren and Stimpy Show, The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy, Cow and Chicken, Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, The Powerpuff Girls, The Fairly OddParents, Dexter's Laboratory, Ed, Edd n Eddy, Johnny Bravo, Spongebob Squarepants, The Proud Family, and Pok?mon. Due to this, many parents have considered these shows inappropriate for children.. . Innuendos were not only used in modern times — they have existed since Shakespearean times. Indeed, Sir Toby in "Twelfth Night" is seen saying, in reference to Sir Andrew's hair, that "it hangs like flax on a distaff; and I [Sir Toby] hope to see a housewife take thee [Sir Andrew] between her legs and spin it off.". . Attitudes to this kind of humour have changed enormously since the 19th century. In the Victorian theatre, innuendo was considered unpleasant, particularly for the ladies in the audience, and was not allowed. In the Music Hall, on the other hand, innuendo was in constant use in songs.. . In the 20th century there began to be a bit of a crackdown on "lewdness", including some prosecutions. It was the job of the Lord Chamberlain to examine the scripts of all plays for decency.. . Nevertheless, some comedians still continued to get away with it. Max Miller, famously, had two books of jokes, a white book and a blue book, and would ask his audience which book they wanted to hear stories from. If they chose the blue book, it was their own choice and he could feel reasonably secure he wasn't offending anyone.. . The blue, innuendo type of humour didn't transfer to radio or cinema at that time, but did eventually filter through from the late 1950s and 1960s. In 1968 the office of the Lord Chamberlain ceased to have responsibility for censoring live entertainment. By the 19
This is ask often and the answer is debated.  My answer is the child of your cousin is your 2nd cousin and your child's 3rd and their childs  4th.  The twice removed part comes in to play with the 3rd, and 4th because nobody wants to keep track of all that. Anybody else got an answer.Twice removed means that each sesession of relativity such as second and third  would be removed by one each time.Removed refers to generations, as I understand it. Therefore your mother's first-cousin would be your first cousin, once removed.. Your first-cousin's child would be your second-cousin or is it just the reverse? Geez, now you got me confused!I think it means that if the family member that connects you to that person were to die, then they would be your cousin.  In this case, to family members and that would make him your 2nd cuz.  So, this person is also your 1st cousin thrice removed.  (three family members that connect you have to die)When you find out, PLEASE let me know! I have been asking the same question!simple you can get married to each other with out having kids that are all screwed up
HE HAS A MATURITY ISSUEI think that he has a mental disorder. Take him to the pysychiatrist. . The schizophrenic patient suffers, typically of disorders in thought, emotions, and behavior.I think he needs a dr.. asap....There is a really good advertisment on the TV here in Australia.. . A little white dot appears on the black backgorund and the voice over says, "this is a scratch and sniff test.  If you scratch the dot and sniff do you smell anything?" short pause......."If you do, you may have schizophrenia.  Smelling things that are not there is a sign of schizophrenia, Contact your health professional.". . I suggest you make an appointment for your husband at your doctors.. You may wish to view the movie "A beautiful mind"
i'm a fixer upper. :) or i try to be. sometimes i find i only stirred it. but i rarely ever leave it alone.depends on other circumstances.. some times it is better to leave it alone..i will fix it first. if doesnt work. leave it alone. reason is if something troubles me i want to do something with it (of course!!!) but if its beyond my ability to fix it eventually i will give in and let it befirst i sit alone n than i think about trouble n find ans.well depending on the trouble, either fix it or get the hell out of there.depends on the situation but mostly I will try to fix it wich will most likely lead to more trouble which people will precieve as stiring it then after I am properly punished i will leave it alone becasue NO GOOD DEED GOES UNPUNISHED!!!!stir it...make bets...watch the money roll in...lolIt depends on the situation.
True human cloning would require taking a somatic cell, as opposed to a reproductive cell such as an egg or sperm cell, from a person and removing its nucleus. The DNA of the somatic cell is transferred to an enucleated egg cell. But this is not currently possible because the somatic cells are specialized and there are many genes that have been "turned off" that we do not know how to turn back "on"another you!Human cloning is the creation of a genetically identical copy of an existing, or previously existing human or growing cloned tissue from that individual. The term is generally used to refer to artificial human cloning; human clones in the form of identical twins are commonplace, with their cloning occurring during the natural process of reproduction. . to read more, click the link belowDear god I hope they don't do that cause we have enough idiots on this earthits when they take a some of your cell from your body to try to reproduce another you not a twin but actually you. basically its doctors trying to be God!when u take human dna and spawn a new identical human from it... its good 4 front line soldiers and crap.. but im against....i think people like you shouldn't be cloned.......Probably when people are copied. I saw on Discovery channel that their was this sheep that got cloned from a Human. Well I don't really pay attention to it so I don't really care.
There are three issues that are resolved by consumers in an industry committing themselves to becoming informed buyers.. 1) Obviously, the consumer themselves are better able to avoid the issue of sellers exploiting their ignorance.. 2) You, as an informed consumer will help me as another consumer get better value given that the sellers may feel less incentive to exploit others thanks to your vigilance.. 3)  Informed buyers pressure sellers to focus on adding value to compete instead of investing in non value added activiteis like competing for attention, asking for political protection or other things to gain rents. This is usually overlooked but is hugely relevant given the fact that other countries are eating the US's lunch in many industries.  A good example of consumer ignorance and generally accepted industry practices can be found in Freakonomics and the Real Estate industry.Due to expansion of the business activities and globalisation there are variety of goods available in the market and producers are spending lot of money to influence the consumers which make difficult for the consumers to make a correct choice. So there is need for consumer awareness.Buyers Beware.  You pay far more for ignorance than you do for knowledge.  It informs you concerning the business practices and latest bargains of the world of commerce.To make informed choices about what you put your hard earned money into.it helps to get the real value for the products that we buy. . thus creating consumer awareness, we can get high quality, standard products. The manufacturing company cannot make us fool if we are aware each and every product details.Ya there is need of consumer awareness. Nowdays sellers and manufactures are exploting the consumers in various ways....like by selling them good of substandard quality..or charging more then its original price. so think consumer awareness is very imp. It makes the consumer aware.To make the correct decison when buying whatever it is they are buying.yes, consumer awareness is the need now.
96/100=48/50=24/25. . Just divide both top and bottom by a common multiple of each until you can no longer divide both by the same factor.  In this case,  I used 2 twice.96/100=48/50=24/25Divide by four (96/100=24/25)over or under what if the q is 96/ 100 then divide by 4 and u get 24 over 25 but i'm not sure if that's what u'r askingWhy do you want to reduceDivide by 4. You get 24 twenty-fifths.
This is defined as a secondary. phenomenon that is a by-product of another phenomenon.. . This is often used in the philosophy of mind to refer to the concept of a mind. Rather than this being a separate spiritual entity as held in Cartesian dualism, it can be postulated that 'mind' is an epiphenomenon of the extremely complicated arrangement of physical matter that constitutes the human brain, but is nothing above and beyond this.What is a dictionary?An epiphenomenon is a secondary phenomenon that occurs alongside a primary phenomenon.. . Often, a causal relationship between the phenomena is implied: the epiphenomenon is a consequence of the primary phenomenon. In medicine, this relationship is typically not implied: an epiphenomenon may occur independently, and is merely called an epiphenomenon because it is not the primary phenomenon under study. (A side-effect is a specific kind of epiphenomenon that does occur as a consequence.)I don't know... I hope some answer's it right....I'm dying to find OUT NOW! thanks:)
I heard a quote once "The most miserable people are those who expect happiness to be owed to them." My guess is that we are a country dominated by miserable people. That doesn't surprise me.Because we  wish that our wishes were rights, and hope to make them such.I'd sure like to know what prison you've been visiting... The prisons do not provide televisions in the cells, the inmates who have TVs or radios either bought them themselves, or someone like me paid for them, at an outrageous markup, through an approved vendor and to possess these items is an earned privilege, not a right.. . I know of one prison where the argument is being made to repave the basketball court... not a "New" court, just a new layer of asphalt because the court is presently so busted up that it cannot be used.. Conjugal or Family visits are nowhere near as commonplace as the general public thinks, only 8 states allow them at all (Family visits are not available in ANY Federal facility) and then only to a very select few inmates who meet very strict requirements. And the continuation of family ties is a big factor in rehabilitation.. 1 in 136 US citizens is behind bars, that's an outrageous number and I can't believe that 1 in 136 people is a menace to society...maybe it's the system, not just the inmates that are at fault.I have the right to wish
Just by asking that question you lower your self-esteem. You have to love yourself first and everyone else will love you becasue you are confident of who you are.Because people are awful and self absorbedyou need to boost your self-esteem. once you cheer up, people will be drawn to you.I sort of understand what you're going through and may be able to explain.  The sort of people you're dealing with don't truly know you, therefore, only say that they like you.  I suggest confronting them and if they can not supply an answer, search for friends else where.  Start getting involved in group activities. That usually helps thing a lot.  It's really nothing to do with you, it's more to do with them.. . Hope that helps!you need to like yourself first..others will notice...Perhaps you appear too needy when you are around others. When you desperately want someone to like you, you tend to cling too much to those that initially express friendship. Then, after being around that for a bit, they decide they can't handle it and stop calling you. Don't seem so desperate for attention, and people will include you.Don't act too eager for friends -- always act nice, but you need to be in the frame-of-mind that you're doing people a favor by making yourself available as a friend...that takes a lot of self-confidence, but people are naturally attracted to that sort of thing.  I'm not saying to act like a snob, just self-assured.  Other than that, just be yourself.  And if being yourself means exuding low self-esteem, you really need to work on that.  Good luck!Look for other people who like helping others. Stop trying to be friends with your roomies friends. Perhaps, they really aren't in your league and they know it. Be yourself and be honest. People who are worthy of your friendship are going to be there for you. As far as being lonely, I don't think there is a human alive or dead who experienced the loneliness Jesus did when he was crucified. If your lonely get out and meet people. Don't wait for your roomie's friends to pop in and ignore you. . Aside to Cairistiona: My grandmother always told me that, "Pretty is as Pretty Does." Your answer make me wonder just how pretty your heart is.well you could try getting into some activity that people enjoy doing.... pool, swimming, fishing, the beach.... and don't be standoffish... but try to just be yourselfmaybe youre being too nice and sometimes people mistake that as being fake or boring. Just be you, trust me, people will like you..you maybe hanging out with the wrong crowd.  you maybe nice to people, but some people prefer friends who are similar to them... birds of the same feather flock together... find people who have the same interests as you do and you'd have more things to talk about and enjoy together.bcause u are a downer - Smile Laugh and Like people- they will like u backbit tuff hey
I think that there is no end of crime. There is going to be someone out there breaking some rule or law .Its like the war on terror or or the war on drugs. It will always be there. All we can do is try.lock up everyone except u and me.Abolish all the laws.(1) Sigmund Freud says that behaviors are functioned according to the attitudes of each person.The environment in which a person lives makes a great influence to his attitudes.. . (2) Therefore, changing the objectives of the education we can reduce the rate of crimes in the world.If  it is oriented to make a great man who loves to live in the working world in addition to keeping a good human relationship with others, it will be easier to reduce the rate of crimes.well, like... do as the politicians do. turn a blind eye, and its not there anymore.First you have to make prison a place where people DO NOT want to go.. . As it is now they don't want to be there but it's no big deal. . Three hots and a cot, TV, Free Education, recreation equipment, visitation, etc etc.. Take all the stuff away!  Make them work to keep the prison self supportive and not paid for by the good people.. . When that is done there will be a serious drop in the crime.. . As it is now, you can steal a car, and get time (non violent crime). get free College, steal another car, get more free college, and so on.. All along having your books, supplies, food and room paid...  . . Hmmmmmmm !Eradicate poverty first.throw out all laws.  If its not illegal, it's not a crime.
solving someones problems can be handled in a professional manner with out bringing up culture.  if the counselor feels the need to impose his culture on others, it shows that the counselor is not trying to really impose their beliefs on their clients but, maybe trying to validate them.  i would advise the counselor to seek counseling & i am not trying to be funny.  you would be supprised if you don't know already how many theripist see theripist.. . hope this helps. . ssIt is very difficult.  First, it helps to be aware of thier cultural values and differentces between different groups.  All of this comes with training and self insight.By sticking to the other person's night dreams.. The culture that has to be conveyed is neither yours nor theirs: it is that buried within their Self.Yes that's why you should be very very very carefully with counselors.If the counselor thinks his cultural values are no good and not worth sharing and encouraging others to take up, perhaps he is the one in need of counseling.It's a choice and a good counselor is hard to find. I have had two good counselors in my entire life. Our values are similar. I think that is important to me.i think first off, being a councilor implies many duties,however i do think it does not nor should not include spiritual beliefs on an other.you have to be prepared to hold your tongue on that subject..just be a good listener.First thing is that there is some training but for the most part it is a simple decision as you are there to hear the client and aid in their problem and usually the problems are not culturally based but even when they are you just  simply know that culture and beleif systems have universally been different and the common groud that everyperson has is knowing that their cultural and beleif system is right for them and not necesscarily you thus remove the differences by focussing on the topic at hand not the values you beleive in.School teachers alike must be careful not to intrude on anothers belief system. A professional counselor usually accepts you on a bell curve type category and is usually not interested in your religious beliefs unless you may have a compulsion type disorder. A school teacher must enforce some type of moral standard described by his or her superiors. Most professions have a code of ethics.people cant,they influence you whether they want to or not.Interesting question.  I don't think it can be totally prevented, but a well-trained counselor will at least be awarePart of their training usually covers cultural values.Remain objective  and professional - don't proselytize. It is about them not you.find a counselor who has similar cultural values as you.  You have the right to ask about a counselors value system.  You are paying them remember?Objectivity... Not Subjectivity.. . We are trained to remain objective. Don't get me wrong, I have my beliefs, but I don't impose them on others. I offer them in a format like this. During a counselling session I remain objective provided that the cultural value isn't illegal.
Don't do drugs . . You have to be a real rocket scientist to do DRUGS while on probation...Now if you knew that you had to take a drug test why in the hell would you do drugs.  That is so stupid that you don't deserve to pass.  I almost told you the product because I heard a salesperson talking about it but I changed my mind because I thought about how dumb you are!!!Don't do the prohibited substance.staying away from drugs might help??????whats "uring"?. You might want to go to the doctors about that get some cream or some sh*t. Depends on what your taking son, weed is out of your system in about twenty odd days as for H, E's, Base,Speed etc are bollocks you deserve to be caught they do nowt but fu*k u up mentally. best of luck, i hear prison food is nice and so are your cell mates esp. the very friendly ones ;-) take some KYtake a bottle of niacin with a big jug of pure cranberry juice. you'll pee out of your butt for a couple days but it'll probably be worth itI don't think you have a chance...your spelling is a dead give away you are using! LOL!their are alot of products out their that can help you out one problem their not cheap if theirs a head shop in your area check them outstop using drugs for 30 daysthere are products in head shops that do it, or first of all it depends last time u smoked, hopefully it was more then a week and a half ago, drink alot of green tea and half a bottle of vinegar and u should be good, remember that you can always take another cuz u can say they made a mistake so it would be another two weeks with out bud but then u would pass for surely my friend was in the same situation and smoked a week and a half before and he was goodUh...don't do drugs for a while...and don't eat bagels with poppy seeds on them.stop using, find an NA meeting in your area.You get clean and stay clean silly.  That is the only way, nothing works.  People try all types of things, but there is a test for everything and you will not past it if you use.  STOP using and get clean
We are not greedy. i believe that everyone is bisexual, they just have yet to meet the right member of the same/opposite sex.. . may i also add that i am currently in a longterm, loving relationship with my girlfriend, kinnda proving that us bisexuals arnt cloest homosexuals.NO one is born a homosexual. It is a totally psychological problem.its not only biological, hormonal, and gennetical....it's also psychological.....add them together, and you'll have your answer.Bisexuality makes sense with the natural order of the world. There are always 3 choices: 2 opposites and a combination of both. Black and white, but there's always a grey area. Man and woman, but some people are born transgendered. Up and down, but there's somewhere in between. Straight and gay, and bisexuality is somewhere in between.GREEDI honestly don't know, but when you find out let me know.  Maybe it's only half of the gay gene or something that makes people bi.Biological.. . Bisexuality is curiosity and attention-seekingsame thing. sexuality is more of a spectrum rather than straight or gay. although tests have shown women are more likely to be bisexual than men. even some men that claim to be bisexual mainly become more aroused by one sexWhat makes a person is determine by its DNA. A person's DNA is the combination of his father and mother's own DNA. Being bisexual is a neuropyschological affect. It is not, in my opinion, cause by your DNA.Its psychological not biological.If you look at nature do you see lower animals that are homosexual.No you dont that why i think its all psychological.And same thing with bisexuali would say to answer your question that bisexual people are hidden homosi agree with gay and straight but i think bisexual people are just greedyNothing causes it, if your bi you are just greedy!
This probably depends on whether you're a family member or not.  And if she's already in the social care system or is just independently out there running around.  Generally, people have to commit some kind of offense to get committed.  Too frequently, they commit a crime and end up in jail, when they really need the help of a mental health professional.  If she's not hurting anyone currently, you won't be able to get the police to help out.  The next time, call them.It is very hard to get someone commited. Doctors are afraid that they will have a lucid moment and sue them later.She would have to be so out to lunch that she doesn't respond to verbal commands and just drooling etc...otherwise they just medicate ,hold ya 72 hrs. max and sent ya on your way.Only the STATE can decide if an individual is unable to decide for him or herself medically, and that is only if they are a harm to themselves or others. Many adults are placed into state custody and institutionized after harming themselves or others and taken to a local hospital where authorities are called and guardianship is placed.That is really not for you to judge.  God may have some plans for her to help others who find themselves in similar situations when she finally gets back on her path to enlightenment.  Don't rush to take away someone's freedom.  We're loosing too much freedom as it is because of the right wing scare tactics.  I can't believe that people so easily give up their rights to freedom out of fear.  F R E E D O M!  <Braveheart>
Because we have a social or public image we usually display.  When we have that sudden realization that such an image or identity *can* be criticized, often in ways we cannot control - we suddenly realize faults.  These are not imagined faults since people are literally saying it, causing a feeling akin to a breaking of trust (social trust), or invasion of privacy (spatial trust).  We often don't take the moment to step back and realize that criticism should be taken constructively, even when it is surprising to us or even hurtful.  Constructively can also mean simply throwing it out and forgetting about it.  But since we, here in America, seem to value our identity so highly, we don't always enjoy the gossip discovery moment.  This is all of course assuming that the gossip in question is legitimate.  The next question would be: how to decide what is legitimate gossip?because there not true friends to you.Hurt? No! We feel flattered to see our importance of being talked about. Oscar Wild has rightly observed, 'The worse thing than being gossipped about is NOT being gossipped about!' or to that effct. HE IS ALWAYS RIGHT!Unfortunately its when we buy into the idea that their opinion really matters. I've found the best defense it to increase my self-esteem and to realize the only people I really need to please is myself and my creator.  It's a hard one, but as I get older, I'm getting better at it. There is ALWAYS someone that will have something to say about you.I dont spend my time caring about what people gossip about.  There is a saying: great minds talk about ideas, average minds talk about events, small minds talk about people.  . . The question is what kind of mind do you have or aspire to have?because we're better than that.because often its people we know and like and you think they liked you as a friend too, only then you realise they don't. When they do gossip about you it isn't always about something nice so it hurts
If you are still alive then you are safe. If you've been scared half to death then it may be a suggestion not to let it happen again.No matter how much life you have left, your wallet will be hurting from buying new shorts..you have erections.then u should put that mirror down!!Go sit down and order up a double half-caff.see ya in hell hotpantsThen you are scared 3/4 to death. Half then half again...I don't really think that "scared half to death* means that you halfway died or whatever.  It is just an expression, I thought.  But I could be wrong.Well the first time you lose half and then after that what left is the whole so when you get scared half to death the second time you lose half of the half so you're left with a quarter of what originally was.....I SWEAR that made sense in my head.....Well it would depend on whether you remain at the half death point until the next time that you are scared half to death.Is your plot pre-paid? If not, might be a wise investment.Look forward for your third and final chanceOK. I'm not sure if that was supposed to be funny, but i laughed. if you aren't dead yet, don't worry about it.
It seems like that.  I find myself being judged by men because I don't have a college degree although we have so much other important stuff in common.  So much for the statistics.  I guess we are considered items not peopleIs it only western societies that do this?  Come on,  be fair.Every nation on Earth does this - the difference is WHAT people value. If we went to Tonga we would be judged on how STRONG we are. What a society values, they rate. It is that simple.
first you would need to go to the American embassy and apply for a work permit, or a green card. another way is if can get an American company to sponsor you. its not easy, there will be lots of red tape, and life over here for the 1st generation immigrants is very hard, it is a choice and sacrifice that you would bear to better you future generations. i wish you the best of luck, may god help you if you wish to follow this path.First you have to be able to write a good sentence.
I completely agree with you - young men should be taught that marriage and fatherhood are part of life - and that their participation in those things are manditory.   I believe that there would be less cheating and divorces if men had the upbringing that taught them to value being a husband and a dad.I think its easy for the media to highlight deadbeat dads and husbands who kill their wives.  This is highlighting conflict, and conflict sells.  Case in point:  The Iraq war.  . . I would guess that the reason fatherhood and husbandry is neglected by fathers raising their sons is that they probably assume that they will figure it out on their own.  This would be due to the fact that men believe they should be independent and strong, only asking for advice when the situation is truly desparate.  I know that my father never really touched on what it means to be either one, instead simply stressing the need to be mature in all facets of life.Maintaining the stereotype that fathers do not care about their children also requires a very special compartmentalization of the mind.. http://www.vaeterfuerkinder.de/confam.htmbecause historically, men provided food/money/protection for the family and women took care of the household.. . However, it has changed now since women work as well. I think it will evolve slowly. More and more men are not ashamed of showing their feelings for their kids, and more and more men take care of their kids. You can't ask men to forget their upbringing in one generation. Give them time. When it will become more mainstream, you'll know about it because magasines will start talking about it (anything to sell!). Look what happened with men's beauty products and clothes!Men arent trained for fatherhood because their arent that many responsible men to teach them. Most men are teaching their boys that the amount of women they sleep with is what matter in this life not taking care of the consequences of sleeping around. The other sad part is that many young women get in "trouble" because they are not taught the proper way to say "No".  You are correct when you say that if more men learned the value of responsibility then there would be less single mothers out there but the females have to learn to not be so willing to open their legs to anyone as well.believe it or not, the concept has'nt changed. If you ever have a child whether you're male or female, you'll understand that you love them for life.
Ditto to tjrj23.Because, in this culture, adults are ashamed to admit they need that kind of help and the kids are afraid to talk to their parents, primarily because the parents didn't start talking to their children before the teen years... and somewhere in that mix parents decided to have  a "hands off" policy on raising teens. Teens need grounding . support and guidance.Because  this site is not intended to be "the answer" for life's ills.  . And on the more serious note:.  Anonymity can be a invaluable to many people.  It may be the first step to healing for some, regardless  of  the "funny" answers they may receive.It could be that some of the people with these problems can't talk about it to a live person, especially someone they know and/or love.  When you weed out the crackpots and others who are just plain mean, you get a good portion of the people answering questions who really are concerned and want to help, or at least give some comfort.  It could be that kind and comforting words from an anonymous stranger may be the first step for some of these persons on the way to getting real help.okay i realize that.. thank you.well maybe it's the fact that it's so impersonal and anonymous. And these are people who probably haven't openly admitted they have a problem. I agree with you that this is not the site to ask those kind of questions, so I play my part by always telling them to seek a person who is more qualified to deal with their situation.Yes, there are a lot of people who do not take these very serious questions, seriously, but any mature person must make an effort to help each asker.  It may be because they can't think of anywhere to go, and the anonymity that is available on the internet may be a comfort in some ways.  I've found that venting any problems when I don't have to face anybody is easier than facing somebody, no matter how cowardly that sounds, it's true.  That way, I can't read any facial expressions, body language, etc. that may indicate annoyance, anger, or any bad emotion.  Each person has their own reason, however.Good question; I like to think that most of us want to steer someone in the right direction if they don't know the answer to someone's problem.  Yeah, there are some real smart a**** on here, but there  are more good people.:)I think people with those serious issues probably like  the anonimity.  Also they can weed out the answers they don't want to hear in this kind of forum whereas they can't when discussing their issues with someone face to face.. Hopefully they will get the help they need in the "real" life. Great question!Because they canBecause it is easier to confide in people you do not know than face the people that you do know.  Fewer expectations . . Also they are bored...The people who answer
thier parents buy them at the store lolDNA :0)DNA onlyA baby gets his or her genes from their biolgical mother and father. 26 from both, making a total of 42 genes. These genes come from segments of DNA and determine certain traits such as hair color and eye color.@ baby GapBoth Dad and Mum bring 50% of the genes. 50+50 = 100%. So they get genes from both parents.The mom's egg is actually half a cell containing half the DNA. When the dad's sperm(also a half a cell) combines with an egg, you have a whole cell with unique DNA, but all the genes that the baby has were carried by the mom or dad. Some are readily seen, called dominate, and others were hidden, recessive. That is why two brown eyed parents COULD have a blue eyed baby, blue eyes are recessive, and the gene was hidden in mom and dad.thrugh chromosomes of father and motherby their relatives dad, mom, g-pa, etc.Genes are inherited from your parents, who got them from their parents, etc.etc.The baby (when born) gets it's genes when the mom's egg and the dad's sperm combine (each giving 23 chromosomes) to make 46 chromosomes to give each baby individual genes and traits from is parents grandparents and even great grandparents...
how can it be a monopoly when there is Pepsi.  Do you know what those words mean?  Coke dose not have a  monoply on the market.It's a Oligopoly (like Pepsi). For this check here:. http://home.rochester.rr.com/ncgweb/Market%20Structure/Market%20Structure%20Quest.htm#_Introduction. look in:  Process . 5. See how Coke and Pepsi  have formed an oligopoly.. . You could also checK:. "The Real Thing:" Nominal Price Rigidity of the Nickel Coke, 1886-1959. http://ideas.repec.org/p/wpa/wuwpma/0402013.html. . Lecture: Oligopoly. http://www.ssc.wisc.edu/~jhertel/L22.pdf. . good lucktotalitarian dictatorship terrorism wearing the mask of freedom. . . . boycottA market structure analysis defines how consumers see the category and what influences them to buy.. . For example, are they diet vs regular, or 24 pack vs 2 liter?. . This information is proprietary to the client that orders it from their marketing research vendor.
your question is not very clear but if you mean why is the non luminous flame in the outer part of the flame here goes.. . non luminous flame is caused due to complete combustion of hydrocarbon vapours.when we light a partcular fuel its vapours are formed which catch fire due the high temperature with the help of oxygen.the vapours which vapourize the first get the max oxygen and undergo complete combustion giving out carbon dioxide forming a non luminous zone of the flame.. . the vapours which come later don't get enough oxygen and thus burn partially forming unburnt carbon particles which glow due to the heat.thus we have the luminous zone of the flame.The question makes absolutely no sense.....if you want a REAL answer....re-state the question!it's like the un salty salt and a big a little
Becuase when you go to school you are with your friends and some of the time having fun. But when summer vacation comes you don't see your friends as much so you are bored and kind of depressed.people get bored easilyKids don't know what they want.Well in the school year we don't want to do all the work and deal with all the stuff that comes with school. In the summer we get bored because we aren't doing stuff.i thinkIt's called being a teenager...We just hope for what we don't have and when we get it , we want want we didn't want before.becouse when you go to school you have something to do like almost all day!! and during the summer....most of the time you dont have anything to dothey get bored and realize friends are at school....then they start doing work and wanna escape the reality of howmuch math sucks.....The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.That's how life is!  You wait til you a teenager, then wait til 16, then wait til 18, then wait til 20, then wait til you're married, then wait til you have kids...  We're constantly waiting for the next step in life!That's just how we are.your teachers have brainwashed youSounds like you need some assistance structuring your summer
check out narcissitic personality disorder.  yes, he is trying to prove something, that he is not inadequate, he proves it by seducing unavailable women.yeah he is arrogant and a manwhore.  he is worthless, and he knows this. He spends his time doing this trying to convince himself otherwise. He has low self esteem naturally but feels a spurt of it when he scores another guys girl. In 20 years, he will be fat and ugly and a very lonely person over all.It's probably only because he doesn't have to work as much to win them over.  He wouldn't have to go to a bar or coffee shop to meet people anymore if his girlfriend already has other female friends to introduce him to.  He'd have to be a sl*t though.  Same with those girls.It was just the way he was raised-no value. He has lost allot of friend and may be lonely in old age.Perhaps it's a competitive thing. He could be harboring some insecurity and maybe sleeping with his friends' girlfriends makes him somehow feel better than his friends.He has a death wish. Either that or a lot of stupid "friends"Probably! He is trying to prove superiority over his other male friends. Or maybe he is just one giant @sshole that gets off on privately humiliating his male friends.he is a person that don't need friends.  he will mess around and get his a** kick or killed.  he needs to find his own girl and when he does and really love her , one of his friends will sleep with her............what goes around come around...............Maybe because he can and does?He is showing his power and control over his friend by sleeping with their girlfriends or wives.insecurity and a need to be liked or needed.  He may be keeping "notches on his belt" per se to reinforce this need.  Just drop him like a bad habit.  He's self destructive and will bring problems to people around him.sounds like he has an ego problem that will at some time or another catch up with him.No one knows for sure.There something wrong with him...I can't tell if he has any psychological disorder from that information though.. . Maybe he doesn't want to be freinds with that person anymore and this is his way of tell him that.
I personally like interneurons.  They are the common element used by the afferent and efferent neurons.. . You gotto love neurons, right?Ah, your question really messed up my synapses :(You are getting on my last neuron with this question!!!!!motor....they think for you and protect you....
Because what is obvious to you might not be obvious to someone else. We are living in a multicultural world, you know.I don;t know.. why do they?. . (he he) just ribbing you.  . . I think that people just like to hear themselves talk..;  or, they want to see if others agree with them.  I, sadly, am one of those chatterers... need to learn to keep my mouth shut.  I seem to have a problem with those uncomfortable silences, though.. you?. Perhaps that's why people state the obvious...?Because 2% don't get it the first time  lolBecause 2% are mute.
You don't have to.  You have my permission to leave them open.because your eyes would dry out
Search this on Yahoo so people can understand what you are inquiring about!!!What type of Indian???
Don't know about the rest of you, but my sense of humour certainly helps me survive. Also, I believe some of the more intelligent animals have a sense of humour, if not completely like ours. And some humans have not a trace of it; how they survive this world is a mystery to me!When the first fart was blown, and the first woman gagged. This is prehistoric humor and still triggers laughter even though we are civilized and know the science, it's still drop to the floor funny when you see someone off guard walking into an air biscuit.Well, I remember the first dinosaur grinning at the sight of a dead angiosperm. So, there you go!humans are not the only ones, I know horses, dolphines, some monkeys, some whales, elephants, also have a scence of humorHave you ever wondered about the reason of our existence? Have you ever wondered why we die, and where we go after death? What will happen to us in the end? Have you ever asked yourself why God made the earth and all that is in it under man’s dominion? Why were the night and the day, and the sun and the moon created? What are we supposed to do during our lifetime? Were we created just to eat, drink, and enjoy ourselves before we die? As one poet put it: . “I do not know whence I have come. . I saw my feet walking on the road. . As they please I go and stop. . What am I doing here? . How did the road find me?. I do not know! I do not know! I do not know! ”. . God has emphasized in many verses of the Qur’an that He did not create us without purpose. He said: “What! Do you think that I created you simply in jest? And that you would not be returned to Me?”  (23:115) He also said: “What! Does man think that he will be left to roam at his will?” (75:36) In addition, He said: “Do people think that they will be left to say: “We believe,” and they will not be held accountable?” (29:2) . Indeed, God Has created human beings for a purpose and with a purpose: TO WORSHIP HIM ALONE (Monotheism). He said: “I have not created the Jinn and humankind except only to worship Me. I don't require provision or feeding from them. Surely Allah  is the All-provider, the Possessor of all strength, the Firm.” (51:56-58) In fact, all prophets told their people to worship God alone (Monotheism) and shun worshipping His creation (Paganism). God said: “I assuredly sent among every people a messenger with the command: Worship Allah and avoid worshipping false gods.” (16:36). Prophet Abraham, for example, believed in One God, who had no partner. Anyone who holds a different understanding of God than this has contradicted the religion of Abraham and follows falsehood. God says in the Qur’an: “Those who reject the religion of Abraham make fools of themselves.” (2:130). Prophet Jesus was reported in the Gospels to have said: “It is written: ‘Worship the Lord your God and serve Him only’.” (Luke 4:8). Prophet Jacob also said (in the Qur'an) to his people: “Indeed, those which you worship besides Allah are only names that you and your forefathers have established, for which Allah has sent down no authority. The command belongs only to Allah. He has commanded that you worship none but Him. That is the right religion, but most people do not understand.” (12:40). Read more ……….. I advise you to read the following booklet:. . http://www.islam-guide.com/islam-guide.pdfLaughter is generally believed to have a benefical effect on our health, presumably because it lowers our stress level by helping us let off steam and being an integral part of any healthy relationship.  By natural extension, something that enhances well-being is linked to survival.  From this perspective, it certainly is logical for a sense of humour to have evolved throughout the history of mankind.. . Animal behaviour is considered quite complex and even if animals did have a sense of humour, it would probably not be manifested in the same way as it is in humans.  Many animals do play, however, and this is an important aspect of their development.Why did the dinosaur cross the road ???. Waiter there's a pterodactyl in my soup ???. My Friend and I were the first comedians many came to see us. Megalosaurus,  Ammosaurus, Stegosaurus, Tyrannosaurus.. . Lots of animals today have a sense of humouri guess it just humanity, we need to laugh sometimes especially when were down and out!
Everyone has opinions, but it takes a stronger person to realize they can and have made mistakes. Being yourself is the only way to know the truth, and that can be tough.it's in the nature of some people to be stubborn..it's part of their personality...sometimes, they were born with it and other times, it's because of how they were brought up...but i really think that some individuals have to be stubborn to balance out the different personalities in this world...I have been told I am stubborn by people that try to change me. By people that don't try and change me, I have been told I am easy going. Telling people they are stubborn can come across like a controlling comment to get them to complybecause they dont have flexible thumbs. LOL jk. gentics and also family or peer influences
Because they view matters from different many point of view, unless the men.to get the since of which direction they should be getting to nextMan! You'll get PUMMELED by female advocates. . . The question is funny, though.didn't someone just ask this question?I always turn the map so i can read the words written on it.  They are all usually going the same way. Which means you hold it with north up.  So i can read it easily i turn it that way.I wouldn't know I am a great navigator and always have been. in fact so are my sisters. its my brother who has the problem!!! lol sorry.They are not, on average, as good at mental visual rotation as males are.Because the man they just took it away from had it upside down.Because they cant really read it and are always lost. They think it is like a compass.because its not their job. its a man's job to look at small things and imagine them as big things.I have never noticed that this trait is specific to women.  I have seen a lot of people (men and women) orient the map in the direction they are facing.  It is a technique that I have seen taught in the military (with no regard to gender) used in combination with a compass when doing dismounted land nav.have u read the book "why men can only do one thing at one time & why women cant read maps"..?its a good book to read though!
Are you sure it is a motivational problem and that he is simply giving up all his responsibilities?  It may be that he genuinely has trouble sleeping at night.  He may be depressed or be in trouble or he may genuinely be a night person, some people just are.  If you suspect the first or second possibilities, have you tried addressing that problem instead of the night-owl problem?I go to work at 1:00 AM, and nothing is more frustrating than when somebody doesn't understand why I'm tired at 3:00 PM.  In my opinion, as long as a person has fourteen good productive hours awake, with some work, family/friend obligations, and some unwind time than why should it matter where the sun is at in relation to your little patch of Earth?I think he is hiding from people for some reason.  At night he does not have to relate to others and can be alone.  I was much the same when young but didn't watch TV because then there was no TV.  Would go for long walks in the country and come home in the morning.  I know it was because I didn't want to be around other children because of the teasing and torment I received from the other kids.  I am a handy caped person and the young are cruel without meaning it.  Think about your brother and see if there is something that others would either shun or tease about.  He is hiding from people.I think some of the other posters have misunderstood. From what I get out of your story, your brother does not work. Instead of finding a job or attending school, he has dropped out, sleeps all day, and spends his waking hours (in the middle of the night) watching TV, hanging out with friends, smoking, and doing a bunch of other self-indulgent things that he needs money for.. . Meanwhile, there's the chance that his nocturnal behavior is keeping you up at nights or making it hard for you and your mom to get your rest.. . (Is this correct?). . I think this makes it your business: Your brother has abdicated all responsibility of being an adult while still wanting the privileges thereof, and is making you and your mom take care of him while he does whatever he wants. This is not good for you, and it's not good for him.. . You mentioned your father died last year. I assume your parents are still pretty young (in their 50's). Was he and your brother close? Could this destructive behavior be his way of "grieving" over your father's death?. . If this isn't part of the issue and he's just taking advantage of your mother and yourself, then he either needs to find a job and start contributing to the household, or you need to kick him out so he can pick himself up by his bootstraps and start being the adult he wants to be. . . It doesn't really matter whether his job is a night shift or a normal one, but it will provide him some structure and discipline in his schedule... and also motivate him to go back to school or find a better job if the one he has to take is not one he's fond of. Still, right now, he's floating, and no one (including him) seems happy about that lack of purpose and direction.. . If you think there are Dad issues still creeping up (with Father's Day approaching to boot), he should find a counselor or clergy to talk to, just so he can unearth any bad emotions he's hiding from himself and then deal with them. . . (The "nocturnal" thing could be a desire to just "disappear" from the view of other people, based on your dad's death; I don't know. It's worth looking into why he finds night-time a better time to live than day-time.). . I know he's your mom's little boy, so she will have a hard time giving him "tough love" of any sort. She loves him and wants to nurture him, but with your dad gone -- unless you have an uncle or some other family member he is close to -- you are the closest thing he has to a motivating force in his life. Support his drive to get a job; don't support his living off other people like a kid.Find him a woman.Are you his guardian?  Where are his parents?  How old is he?  You don't give enough information. Please update your question to include my questions.Why don't you mind your own business? I don't get why this is your problem.
Lying is an integral part of human nature, and the nature of other creatures as well.  Men pretend to be more capable of providing for a female and offspring, and to be more powerful than is the actual fact, as this attracts females, and females pretend to be younger and skinnier, as this signals to the male that the female is better for breeding purposes, and this naturally attracts the male.because lying is easierIt's hard to tell the truth because most of the time the truth is harsh and so we blur it up so we don't have to face it.Weak people lie because they worry what other people think of them. Although, sometimes the truth causes more trouble than its worth.  But then, if you lie about something and then get caught out, you look twice as bad.  Once you catch  someone lying, its hard to trust them again.Telling a lie is easier.Because having to deal possibly with a face to face confrontation makes us very nervous. Nobody likes to face the facts. But once it's said and done and out in the open we feel release. It's human nature.I am the complete opposite.  I cannot lie unless its a jokey type of lie which I can run with and then say "only joking!" but anything serious I can't lie as I feel sooo guilty about it and have brought up to be honest and truthful often this has been my downfall!Its not hard for me, I don't like telling people lies!!!!!!! . Thats probably the reason I'm sometimes called a A$$hole and B**ch!!!!Because you play no-limit texas hold'em son!
Hey an idiot can learn something very well.  Intelligence has nothing to do with how much you know, it is your capacity for learning and your ability to have abstract (original) thoughts  If that were the case every teenager would be Albert Einstein (cuz they know everything).I disagree. I would base it on your ability to learn, and/or how fast you learn.It's really a little bit of both.  One can know a lot about one subject, but be completely ignorant in all other areas.  On the other hand, one can know a little bit about many differnt things, but not enouph for one to truely understand each concept.  Someone who has mastered many differnt subjects would be considered more intellegent than the one who has mastered only one subject and the one who knows a little about many differnt things.The best measure of intellegence is how fast and comprehensivly you can learn something. A smart person, when presented with something to learn, will do it better and faster than a dumb person. The scope or depth of ones knowledge is really irrelevant.If someone knows a lot of stuff, they are smart.  However, the best measure of intelligence is how a person uses all of that stuff that they know.. . I have met a lot of smart people that don't utilize the information they have.  I have met quite a few poorly educated persons that make very effective use of what they do know.  . . How much you know or how well you know it is purely academic if it is not effectively utilized.If you know something, you know it.  . You question is sort of like saying, which person is smarter:. the person who knows 1,000,000 things, but not very well, or the person who knows 100,000 things but knows them well.  . But that is an erronious question.  If you know something, you know it.  . The person who "knows 1,000,000 but not very well" really doesn't know 1,000,000 things if he can't remember them. He only knows 500,000 things; he's just guessing lucky on the other things.. The person who knows 100,000 things only knows 100,000 things.. Whoever knows more, knows more.Intelligence is not knowing the answers but asking the questions.I would say how well you know something. It's the difference between Kim Peek http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Peek and James Joyce http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Joyce. Peek memorized nearly 10,000 books, Joyce a few hundred. And despite how the bulk of words Peek can recall, Joyce clearly understands literature better.Probably how well you know something.  It's what gets people hired.how much you knowof course how much you know because that attracts people more and you can be intelligent on just topics such as gardening   yack??   but who cares about itUnderstanding you really know NOTHING relative to how infinite everything is, & realizing what you THINK you know is at best a laughably crude approximation that doesnt even BEGIN to scratch the surface of the real truth about the matter,  humbly staying OPEN to the possibility of learning more no matter how much knowledge about something you have collected.. & acknowledging that Wisdom, Knowledge, & Understanding are  from GOD.
I believe what someone had done previously in their life is their business. Sometimes a person may want to leave things in their past when they start a new relationship and build a new life with trust and loyalty in the new relationship.  Some times its better to let sleeping dogs lies because what you learn may not make you happy and this causes stress and I am talking from experience.. Its better to build on faith than learn to trust half heartedly.Because he thinks that it is probably too many.  You probably do not want to know.  Urge your boyfriend to get tested, and you do the same.  Then, if everything comes out okay, and you two are faithful to each other, then you should be okay.  But......trust means everything in this situation.maybe he has had none.. but he told everyone that he's done some.. maybe they were bad & he doesn't want to remember them . . He's your boyfriend so why are you trying to remind him of other people that he has "partnered" do you want him to think of sleeping with other people?. . not the best idea . . focas on your realationship so he is not reminded of sleeping with anyone else but you.. . hope this helps,. . ssMaybe he has had a lot of partners. If this is something your boyfriend will not discuss with you, maybe you should re-evaluate your relationship. If you can't talk about that, how can you grow to trust eachother and be able to talk about everything? That doesn't sound like a healthy relationship to me.It is probably best to let his past stay in the past.  As long as he is disease free I wouldn't worry too much about it.  If you are happy together why bring up something that could make both of you uncomfortable?Either he's had too many or he's not had any at all.he must have had quite a few and very ashame to admit itWhy does it matter? Do you really want to know the answer to that? Are you willing to answer that question?Because if you knew, he probably wouldn't have you as a girlfriend anymore. You'd probably kick him to the curb.Its probably alot, and knowing won't make a difference will it?It could be that he has alot, or not many...or none.  Since he knows you want to know, he'll tell you when hes ready.  There are way more reasons than this that he might not want to answer you tho, so just let him tell you.Maybe he has had many and is ashamed of what you might think of him, or more likely, hasn't had many or any, but is afraid to acknowledge it because of bragging rights.He's embarrased he's had so few or none at all.. He's had so many he's afraid it'll scare you off.. He's a private person.. He used to be gay - unlikely.Either he would prefer this topic be private or he is afraid the # will shock you or turn you off.Embarrassment either the number is too high, or too low. If you have already openly told your number he may be intimidated or scared that you will want to know names, address, positions, dates and then "use" it against him. Just pretend 10 and get on with your life, as long as he is not currently adding to those numbers then it really doesn't matter.why would you want to know that.Just let it be stop asking.He does not like being in such an uncomfortable situation because he is afraid he will hurt your feelings. Dont ask him.
The invisible hand is a metaphor created by Adam Smith to illustrate how the wealthy, by following their individual self-interest, unwittingly stimulate the economy and assist the poor. In The Wealth of Nations, Adam Smith makes the claim that, within the system of capitalism, an individual acting for his own good tends also to promote the good of his community. He attributed this principle to a social mechanism that he called “the invisible hand”.laissez-faire : which basically means free control. Instead of government regulation, the people control everything.It simply means the outcome of demand and supply. Something sure happens when i want and you have to sell. Same goes for mating. Man and woman and the result often time is baby made in the womb thru God's invisible hands?He meant the invisible hand of Demand that controls the market. Supply and Demand, the two basic elements in economics. This rules the world. Every thing is ruled by the "invisible hand." Not only does it run the the legal side of business but the black market too. It is why there are criminals and ceos making millions of dollars.
After 911 Canadian Armed Forces went to Afghanistan to eliminate the Taliban. Canada did so to reaffirm their alliance with their southern friends the United States. Due to this demonstration of allegiance Canada now finds itself a target of terrorism. Ironically the United States now speaks of drastically tightening its borders with Canada, damaging trade and tourism economics within Canada.Obviously these people who have answered you have not been watching the news.  The 17 Muslims that were arrested because of the alleged plan to bomb Toronto..and Ottawa...and taking the PM hostage and beheading him.  They want to fight us because we have joined forces with the Americans in the war.  We are there to peace keep however we are seen as a threat.  I read a poll today that said 71% of Canadians believe that we will be victims of terrorism in the near future.  People get your head out of the sand Canada has been rocked by these Muslim plans of horror.what people?  I'm in canada, and I don't see people wanting to fight.  funny, it's one thing we don't get about americans, their desire to fight.Who the heck told you that? If there's one thing you should know about Canadians is that they are peaceful people in general and don't like to fight!!!
^^^^^Incorrect.. . The sky is blue because of the way the sun reflects of small water droplets in the sky. So on some planets, where the atmosphere begins and ends farther out than ours, the sky could be red, green, purple, orange, yellow, and anyother color you can find in a rainbow. Wouldn't that be cool?Because all the other colors are absorbed.  Blue is the one that is left.Because it would throw the economy off if it changed back to it's original florescent color.  Stocks would plummet and the world, the population would revolt out of fear and we would all be thrown back in the Dark Ages.  Bill Gates doesn't want that, YOU don't want that.  So keep buying those Microsoft shares and he'll take care of things for a little while longer.. . (Thanks for posting this in the Economics section, I had fun)It is because blue light from the sun strikes the air molecules and scatters and our eyes perceive it as blue.. Transmitted light (from the sun, light bulbs, fire, etc) is made up of a spectrum of colors. The longest wavelengths of light are on the red end of the spectrum and the shortest wavelengths are on the blue/violet end of the spectrum.. When transmitted light such as sunlight enters our atmosphere it collides with the oxygen and nitrogen atoms. The color with the shorter wavelength is scattered more by this collision. Because violet and blue are the shortest wavelengths the sky appears to be violet / blue. But because our eyes are more sensitive to blue light than they are violet light, we perceive the sky as blue.. . Our eyes contain thousand of rods and cones, which are the receptors for light. Whenever one of the 3 Stooges pokes you in the eye you see a giant blue spot. This is because the blue receptors have been activated. Blue is one of the primary colors and thus more easily activated and seen by our eyes.. .  blue is the color of the K-mart special, so this color isn't all bad.White sunlight is made up of 7 colors- Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Indigo, and Violet. What happens is all of the colors exept blue are absorbed in earth's atmosphere, so blue is what you see.it is not blue it just apears that wayBecause it would clash if it was yellow.so u can ask why on yahoo! answers and so i can get 2 points! :) have a nice day :)
The scientific study of the origin, the behavior, and the physical, social, and cultural development of humans.. . simplier terms : . the science that studies origins and relationships of humanswhat is your question?I want to know too ....
some do but not all(hopefully). . and they get paid everytime you come back, what makes you think they will give you good advice.Sometimes they say something that we don't like and we hate it. But usually they are right. Not all the time but MOST of the time.If you are receiving advice from a therapist of any kind, find another therapist.  Therapists are not supposed to be giving advice, but rather assisting the client in reaching the client's goals.  Therapy is supposed to be about what the client wants.Are you talking about clinical psychologists or guys like Dr. Phil?. . If you had a real illness, your best bet is to seek professional help. Trust me, people with mental illness need help. If you've ever known someone with bipolar disorder, you'd know what I mean.they are trained to give lousy ,crappy advice so that you'll notice it and figure out your own problem!. How's that for logic?Not all psychologist give advice. A good psychologist will help the patient themselves find the answers.truths are not necessarily "logical".  Try a psychologist who is Jungian rather than Freudian.  Far more holistic in my opinion.don't have to ask you if the glass is half empty or half full... do I?because they don't practice giving advice. . when you don't practice something, you're not very good at it. . psychotherapy is about reflection - the psychologist tries to help you clarify your situation, so you can fix it. . psychologists try to avoid giving advice. . please note that nothing i said relates to psychiatry. psychiatry is a different kettle of fish where they might prescribe you drugs. i don't know about that, or much believe in it. i just got 92% for an assignment about the faults of a study about zoloft published in the journal of the american medical association. doesn't really paint a pretty picture about the state of drug research and those who prescribe them for psychotherapeutic purposes. i'd say, like the next answerer indicates, avoid drugs if you can. go to a psychologist for some counselling, and yeah, stay in touch with your family and friends about it too. psychologists adhere to the scientist-practitioner model (unlike doctors and psychiatrists) so you will generally find the know what they're talking about when they comment on research, and that their therapies are much more closely aligned with the latest advancements in research. that being said, the WAIS intelligence tests were based on an intelligence theory from the 1930s until the WAIS III was made in the early 00s... talk about a major research - practice lag! thank goodness it has been fixed, it makes intelligence testing far more effective and likely to assess your cognitive capacity correctly. might consider using the latest WJ test though, as that represents the theory even better. but that's off track!I agree... to an extent, I went to 1 when i was a teenager (my parents solution to my rebellion) and all she did was put me on a TON of medication and when it didnt help she uped my dosage until i ended up in the hospital. I quit seeing her immediately after that thankfully. Later on a few years later however I started feeling depressed and anxious and I talked to an excellent therapist and that did help me! however she referred me to anger management-which was a JOKE! I have met alot of doctors that in my opinion are QUACKS... If i knew someone with a mental illness I'd say talk to friends and family before and after seeing  an kind of doctor... Someone who doesnt know you or anything about you may not have the answers you need to lifes problems!I think some psychologists have spent so long in college being told "this is what's wrong in this case" etc. that when they actually get out into the real world, into practice, they lose the ability to truly listen. They seem to pick up on certain key words that fit a particular mould, and then issue they're advice based on text book answers. . There are still SOME out there however, that give practical advice and really do listen carefully and try to put themselves into your position to a certain extent, so as to issue the approriate advice.. Unfortunately, due to the fact that college professors tend to be full of their own importance, the latter of the two examples usually get lower marks and less kudos in college, simply because they dare to disagree with the enforced text book lessons. Therefore their credentials aren't always as 'impressive' as the first example and so, people are reluctant to use these 'free-thinking' practical psychologist and counsellors."College educated idiots" Their degrees give them big heads 9 times out of 10. That's way too much school to be normal anymore.because they're so caught up in what they've learnt, they try to look at everybody as phsycos.I'm getting my PhD in Counseling Psychology, and I'm sorry to hear you must have had a bad experience with a psychologist giving you bad advice. Like other posters said... you shouldn't be just getting advice from your psychologist. They are there to help you figure out what would be best for YOU, not tell you what to do. They may suggest things to try, and if they don't work, you need to tell them. They won't (or shouldn't be, anyway) be offended.. . I would suggest trying different psychologists until you find one you like. Just like a regular medical doctor or hairstylist, you have to try different ones sometimes until you find one you feel comfortable with. Just because they have a degree doesn't mean your personality will 'click' with theirs. It's about finding a doctor who you feel comfortable with and who you feel really cares about helping you.. . Good luck!
MAKE BABIESto get a chance to make a change in the world. i hope im not some dumba** philosopherthe meaning is to be stuipid and pathetic all the time!!!There is but one single goal in life: survive.  Every objective stems from that.. . Survival of self.. Survival of a group (family).. Survival of mankind.. Survival through children.to learn and supposedly "experience for god" and take everything you learned with you to the "other side" where your real life isMy priest had a great sermon on this. He said it was to love and be loved. Not just lust love, but real love. Parents and children, God and His people, His people and the environment. All of it.That depends.  If you're a fruit, it's to be eaten.  If you're a tree, it's to grow and provide shade and prevent topsoil erosion. If you're a herbivore, it's to prevent plantlife from growing too abundant.  If you're a carnivore, it's to help regulate the numbers of herbivores.. Life is like that.  Just as in nature each part serves the need of the other in order to thrive, in human society we each must employ what talents we have in service to each other in order to thrive.  "But we don't all thrive", you might say, and that would be true. But then, we don't all live the way I described, do we?  Most of our society believes the meaning of life is whatever we want to be, that it's all 'relative', and we see how well that philosophy is working,  Think about it.to understand what is life.there is no meaning......it doesnt matter what youve seen or what you have accomplished....cause once its all over....your still DEAD!!42, enough said.I wrote this a long time ago. In this day and age many people don't believe In God. but some people are so sure that there is a God that they lose touch with reality.. . I used to question the existence of God.  I've wondered where God is?  but If you think about it If you really knew If there was a God,  . . I mean If you had absolute proof wouldn't that take away all the mystery of life? would you really need faith? for example what if you had no proof . . of your existence?  would people still believe you are there?  would people still talk to you?  can we really prove that we exist? Existence is a perception it's how you see the world around you.  . . like how a scientist looks at microscopic life in a microscope or how a xray takes a view of your bones faith is like a x-ray it see's without sight. . . Someone once told me reality is tied to are senses. what you can see, touch, taste and smell are state of reality also depend's also what we think a point of view. I think there for I am.  . . String theory for example look it up. Its pretty interesting there are more dimensions of reality then what we can see with are eyes. . . Then who can say there isn't a God? . . I think the answer's are in the heavens. space is the biggest proof of a God. whether we came from ape's or we came from dust who can really say. . . who are we to say how God created us? even Darwin believed in God later in his life. so did Einstein  . . . If I had answer's to these questions I wouldn't be searching. But I still wonder if I really exist? or if i was created? or evolved. noone seems to have . . . proof. the search for truth is a inward search the search for proof is a outward search. . . . I think we all fell short of the glory of God. And I'm not saying the bible is wrong. but the search for truth is my only concern.. . I also think we are proof of a God. scientist's, artist's, philosophers,  poet's, musician's, teacher's,. . The search of God is the Origin of life and existence. what people are looking for is Hope, And there ready to believe anyone with a answer.. . . What I'm Looking  for is question's and reason but that doesn't mean that I don't believe In God. I don't think anyone has all the answer's..  . So the search for God still goes on.the meaning of life is to be urself learn to love weep,pain,excitment it's all  of the feeling you could possibly thinkof but it just takes you a life time to experience them all.The meaning of life is your own definition that you want to give it. If you are a pessimist, then your life's meaning will be a pessimist, etc...OBSERVING SMALL THINGS,DETAILS.(YOU CAN'T UNDERSTAND IT NOW,BUT WITH PRACTICE UNIVERSE WILL OPEN ITS SECRETS TO YOU IF YOU PAY ATTENTION TO DETAILS!!!GOOD LUCK!!!live and let liveMaybe you dont really want to know the meaning of life. Maybe you are really just unhappy and depressed and you are reaching out to find other answers. OR possibly you are feeling useless and worthless. Maybe you are just trying to prove your intelectual prowess by seeing how others view what they think the meaning of life is. .  Or just maybe you just wanted to ask a random question to lose 5 pts. I think you should look deeper into why you are asking this question. You know noone on yahoo answers knows this answer only God knows. Lets keep it at that.I asked this question too.  Got a few weird answers and some religious ones.      I'd say that in my personal opinion, it's survival of the species.  That's why humans evolved, after all.  But this is more than just 'have sex.'  It means that the species needs to survive and live life well and comfortably and with the chance to fulfill their purpose, which is to better someone elses life, which very well may be the life of their child.  So that's my opinion.  Doesn't mean it's the right answer, and according to some, I'm in big trouble for saying that.  But I don't think that anything bad can come from helping people better their lives so I'm sticking with this.
Once again.....So that you cannot SEE how Stupid this question is!!!Haven't seen one doing otherwise. You can try practicing it differently and be famous.To party with the Vulcans.Look at the back of your eye lids like you are watching television.There's something going on in there!So that the eyes are protected and also so that they do not dry out - the same reason we blink.  Most people do sleep with their eyes closed - but I personally know two people who sleep with eyes wide open part of the time during their sleep cycle, and it is very eerie to see if you are not aware that they do.  One of them was a brother of my friend, and we freaked out a few of our friends by creeping into his room with a flashlight (he had a room in the basement and kept a shade over the tiny window so it was very dark) and then shining it onto his face.  Boy did they get a fright!  Also, people who sleepwalk (my brother) have their eyes open during that time period, even though they do not see out but rather envision within a scenario in which they are instead walking.  You can stand in front of them, wave a hand, whatever, and they will most likely not react as you and the surroundings are non-existent to them.your eyes need to be closed so they do not dry out.You don't.  I had a grandfather who was a member of the armed forces in Laos and he was trained to sleep with his eyes open (to always be, or appear to be, alert).  (It used to freak my mom out when she tried to sneak out of the house at night).Well, if you sleep with your eyes open, you won't rest your eyes. When you sleep you rest yourself. So, if you sleep with your eyes closed, you will feel good after your sleep.
People eaither mellow out or go out of our minds. :)we all change...it's up to us how...some dont forgive others so they grow old and bitter, angry and very negitive towards life. Others learn from their mistakes and improve themselves and grow old happy and content.  Still others make no effort so they just grow old.For the most part they do not.. . I know you will not like that answer - but research has shown that from about the age of 12 onward a person't personality is pretty stable and static.  . . It CAN be changed, but most people do not exert the energy necessiary to affect that change.. . People DO grow, and learn, and adapt, and learn new ways of relating to, and reacting to the world - but personality for the most part does not change.its maturity in one sense and in another they either get more tolerant of this world or begin to hate it more or lose feelings with it, its all about their own lives and what they have been through...Mood swings even out.   Adults are usually more in control of their emotions then they were as a teen.    Adults pause and consider things, rather than just react.. . Short term thinking is replaced with thinking about the longer term & the bigger picture.. . Adults think more about others generally; most teens tend to be self-centered.  Kids tend to view themselves as the center of everything, and as they mature they start to realise they're not.. . Adults should be willing to take on the responsibility for things, even if its something really unpleasant.That depends on a great many things.... . In our culture aging is a thing to be avoided at all costs.... . but there are others...not westerners...who believer...think and live quiet differently than we do.... . The HUnza who live in a remote region of Pakistan. . . have a beautiful take on dealing with life and aging.... . . . "We are the happiest people in the world," the Mir (King) of Hunza told Renee. Taylor for the book Hunza Health Secrets. "We have just enough of everything. but not enough to make anyone else want to take it away. You might call this. 'the happy land of just enough.'" Hunza is a land that has enough of what it. needs because the people don't ask for much, and because no one else wants. it badly enough to fight for it.. . The people there live long, happy, productive lives partly because they don't. concern themselves much with time and age. This frees them from the hurry. and worry that comes with alternately trying to rush time and hold it back --. both most fruitless and frustrating exercises. The people of Hunza have a. grace that comes from flowing with time rather than trying to control it.. . Renee Taylor writes, "Time is not measured by clocks or calendars (in Hunza).. Time is judged by the changing of the seasons, and each season brings the. feeling of newness, not a fear that time is slipping irrevocably away.. . "In the West, on the other hand, where lives are dominated by clocks and. calendars, we tend to view each passing moment as a little piece of life which. has cruelly slipped away from us, never to return. Each such slipping bit of. time brings us closer to old age and ultimately to death. We worry so much. about growing old that we actually increase the process.". . In Hunza, a person's life divides into three periods, the Mir says: "The young. years, the middle years, and the rich years. In the young years, there is. pleasure and excitement and the yearning for knowledge. In the middle years,. there is the development of poise and appreciation, along with the pleasures,. the excitement and the yearnings of the young years. In the rich years -- by. far the best period of all -- there is mellowness, understanding, the ability to. judge and the great gift of tolerance -- all of this combined with the qualities. of the two previous periods.. . "The keynote of life is growth, not aging. Life does not grow old. The life that. flows through us at 80 is the same that energized us in infancy. It does not. get old or weak. So-called age is the deterioration of enthusiasm, faith to live. and the will to progress.". . The Mir adds, "Here, there is time to think only of the necessary things. To. worry over such an intangible thing as the ticking of a clock or the turning of. a page on a calendar, this is foolishness.". . . There is no such thing as retirement in Hunza. A Hunzakut works all his life,. because if he doesn't he doesn't eat. But far from being necessary drudgery,. it is a joy for the Hunzakut to work. Nearly all of them are farmers. They. spend long days scraping small amounts of food from the rocky slopes.. They're up before dawn and don't come home from the fields until the sun is. setting, stopping only twice during the day.. . The people of Hunza can work this way -- often for a hundred years straight. -- because of the way they look at and pace their work. Renee Taylor says,. "Perhaps aside from the magnificent nutrition of the Hunzakuts (mainly. coarse, stone-ground wheat flour and apricots), their mental attitude (is) the. key to their extraordinary longevity.". . They believe that without work, a person is as good as dead. "From the day a. Hunzakut is born," the Mir says, "he is never coddled. He keeps active until. the day he dies... The idleness of retirement is a much greater enemy to life. than work. Our people continue to work by choice.". . Renee Yes.They become more mature and wiserlearning by doing. learning by failing. learning by trying and undergoing. . changing is having learnt some things.. Learning is having to change.. . If you dont change after having learnt, you havent really been learning.Some call it maturing,  some call it growing up.   As we get older we have lifes experiences as reference, and we begin to compare this knowledge with the lies and bs that is being fed to us.. . Students are for change, protest, socialism,  reactionary,  and tend to be more activist.   Their attitudes are fueled by the society they see the most of, such as teachers,  professors,  t.v., movies, etc,  which all cater towards the leftist ideals.   In otherwords,  our kids are brainwashed to think left.   As we grow, or mature,  most people begin to see thru this and naturally move more towards the center and the right.    The right is not pretty,  but it is real.   The left is for the dreamer or the idealist.   Its complety fake and false.. . Our personalities change as our attitude towards lfe changes.   Older people do not obsess themselves with sex as much as the youth.   Been there done that.   Older people are not as gullible towards things such as "style", cuz we realize for the stylists it is just business.    They are trying to make a buck, and dont really care how stupid kids dress today.   Adults taste in music changes when we realize how many musicians are really sell outs,  again just looking out for themselves,  and not true artists.   Just follow the money train.   Adults work like slaves,  while the youth of today have never had it so good.   Once they feel the weight of the stone, attitudes rapidly change.   Kids, mortgages, cars,  toys,  our changing bodies all combine to change our personalitites.  The once skinny girl becomes obese, and the guys no longer drool over her,  that changes personality.   Many factors.   We no longer see ourselves as the center of the universe.  We begin to see our mortality, and realizing our eventual death changes the way we see life.Well there are numerous things that contribute to personality changes. For the most part, our personalities are set when we're younger. However, traumatic/dramatic events can alter ones personality. As for adults; if their personality is changing, it's more of their behavior I would say. They might be more calm about things, or stressed out about things. Less wild or adventurous, but that has nothing to do with their personality. It's behavior. An adults personality may alter due to their environment, or an environment change. Other than that, for the most part, ones personality is set at a young age, unless traumatic events alter it.
because they are trully freakin losers. I had an ex like thatThey want to be cool and think that it will impress whomever they are telling it to.They're using the Xbox as the basis for the stories that they're hoping to use when going Wedding Crashing?  Honestly, they're probably just trying to one-up (1up?) each other's fantasies because talking about what they really do is just too depressingly boring.  . . Of course, depressingly boring is how my black-belt Iraq-vet brother-in-law frames most of his time in the army, particularly when he started herding recruits.  Same with my father in law and one of the guys I went to university with.  What I've consistently seen is that if they're not telling stories about unusual disciplinary action, gross incompetence in the underqualified chain of command or people falling overboard (navy), then they're probably not telling stories from actual military service.  Unless they're talking about local girls in foreign locales -- but my in-laws don't tell those stories.I'm sure it's obvious...their compensating because they're losers...thereby making them more of a loser when people figure out they lie all the time. And just in case anyone wonders...I really was in the NAVY. Nuclear Machinist Mate 2nd class. E5. Worked on steam pipe and valves for the nuclear reactor. I just wanted to clear that up in case anyone read my profile and thought I was lying about it too.Because they have low self esteem and are trying to make them selves look better.  They probably didn't accomplish anything worthwhile while in the service.cuz they're dumb
It works very well with the right application or experiment. . Reading training or reaction times for example.It depends on who makes it. We still have subliminal movie advertising. It is suppose to help in discovering subliminal works so they can be done away with.What exactly is a tachistoscope???
The History of the Universe in 100 Words or Less listed below (Quantum Fluctuation, Inflation, Expansion, etc.) is Copyright 1999 by Eric Schulman (me). It was based on the chapter titles of my 1999 book, A Briefer History of Time.one group of folks had something the other group wanted so they fought.. Then they had a weapons build up, add religon and ethnic cleansing, throw in, the iron age, moveable type, electricity, art, the nuke bomb and space travel and that covers us up to today!. .... okay that was less than 100 wordsQuantum fluctuation. Inflation. Expansion. Particle-antiparticle annihilation. Deuterium and helium production. Recombination. Galaxy formation. Turbulent fragmentation. Massive star formation. Stellar evolution. Iron production. Supernova explosion. Star formation. Planetary differentiation. Volatile gas expulsion. Molecular reproduction. Protein construction. Fermentation. Cell differentiation. Respiration. Multicellular organisms. Sexual reproduction. Evolutionary diversification. Trilobite domination. Land exploration. Comet collision. Dinosaur extinction. Mammal expansion. Homo sapiens manifestation. Language acquisition. Glaciation. Innovation. Religion. Animal domestication. Food surplus production. Inscription. Warring nations. Empire creation and destruction. Civilization. Constitution. Industrialization. World conflagrations. Fission explosions. Computerization. Space exploration. Population explosion. Superpower confrontation. Internet expansion. Resignation. Reunification. World Wide Web creation. Composition. Extrapolation.one words enough. . "Repetitive"the world began with a supernatural force or a big bang.First there were animals and that was cool.Than man began to roam the earth and reign over the animals. Than they began to spread out accrossed the earth each learning to speak a separate language. For a while all was good. Than when they saw the land that others had that spoke a different language they liked it better and were jealous. They couldn't sneak in cuz they looked and talked different and weren't excepted. So they began to fight and kill each other, and that's about  it.Listen to Billy Joels song "we didn't start the fire" ...says it all!!!
Well I used to masterbate... now I just answer these questions! :P1st thing in mind comes , ur love , or sex , if not in mood of any1 then try games , reading , watching sky or ... wht me doin :)I read.Stay awake DUH!!1. Listen to audiobooks. If you have an ipod you can buy them online. Youre brain will get tired after awhile, and drift off. And even if it takes several hours, at least you are improving your mind in the process.. . 2. Think of absolutely nothing, when something enters your mind, which it will, sweep it out and think of nothing.run into a wall, knocks you right out. . or just try Sominex or Tylenol PMI think of my crush!!>.^_^. . Lol...^_^take tylenol pm works greatI will reading booksAnswer questions on yahoo- questions!. . At least lately, that's what I've been doing.  I have severe sleep problems and if this is a serious question you have definitely asked an expert.. . A lot has to do with when I last got some real sleep.  If I slept last night and are in pretty good shape mentally- I read, watch TV if I can do it without bother others.  If I haven't slept in awhile I tend to get restless and pace.  I get anxious and worried because I know what can happen if I don't sleep.  Sometimes a hot shower helps.  If my restless legs are hampering my sleep, I use tennis balls in a sock to try and work loose the muscles some.  The only cure for racing thoughts is doing the mundane.  You know, busy stuff.  Clean.  Not anything that takes real concentration or thought(that's why yahoo answer is such a good choice).. . There was a day when I could take a Valerian pill and go to sleep.  There was a time when I'd tried every prescription out there and still didn't sleep more then 20 minutes/ night for months!  . . Never stay in bed when you can't sleep.  Get up and do something, make use of the time if you can.. . Notice I changed the person here- from 1st person to 3rd.  I went from telling you what I do today when I can't sleep to advising based on my past experience.  Hope you don't mind.I'm doing it right now answering questions that is...but I'm sure someone has already said that so...I search for music, draw or paint, or write in the journal I keep.  Yea thats pretty much it or I play Tetris on my phone because thats always a good time killer, but geeze is it addicting.You should smoke some marijuana.get up and walk around, have a sip of a drink and back to bedi get up and walk to the kitchen. i get a drink of milk and then go back to bed and cuddle up with my girlfriend and try to get some more sleep.just start counting backwards!. . it really works!!Surf the net, sometimes answer people's questions until I notice that I start making spelling errors, then I can fall asleep.Punch a few conesPut a few drops of lavender oil on my pillow, just enough so I can smell it - if I can I put on some soft music - preferably some of that relaxation music because it really does help even if it isn't your usual choice of "sounds" - lie back and listen - often if you can't sleep it is your own mind keeping you awake - give it something else to do and before you know it you'll be out of it.  Another technique involves hypnotising yourself.  Do the same as the above and take slow deep breaths and starting with your toes and working upwards you tell yourself how heavy and relaxed each part of your body feels, until it really does feel heavy and relaxed and you truly can't be bothered trying to lift it... of course, this is not an instant fix for sleeplessness, but worth trying if you suffer from it regularly... could be you are also a nightowl who is just not programmed to go nighty-night like the average person!  Night Owls were "invented" I believe because you need entertainers, stage performers, shift workers, politicians etc. who CAN work nights and odd hours so if you are a night owl, don't beat yourself up about it - just find a lifestyle to match your natural patterns.. Another good trick is get a TV and DVD player and put in your room - many people fall asleep in front of the TV - you can do it and already be in bed.  Choose the most boring movie you can find - one you really don't like - you have it just loud enough to hear without being able to focus on what is being said... you'll bore yourself to sleep!
it's full of gravity,stars,gasses,rocks,. planets, and it goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on.... and... all that jazzIn a word?. . whoa....More than one can imagineReally f'ing big.bigYour question lacks 2 things as such: (A). The universe from the Planets  'Venus  to Pluto . (B). beyond  the plant PLUTO ? (C). Both .unknownA bunch of lumps of rocks pulled together by magnetics.wow what a mystery...
Are they? Overgeneralising people always get you wrong. A couple friends of mine actually said that they found blondes are too up to themselves, cos they gets lot of attention...... You and my friends are on two ends of a pole, both wrong though.Do you know whats even easier than live blondes?at least red does not make u look bald like blonde.i think not all eaasy but most of them are easy, and i dont know why coz im not blondeAs a natural blonde, I have to say I am insulted.....thanks for the two points moronWhy will there always be men reading the Women's Studies category, and then ask the most stereotypical question ever? Do you really think that hair follicles could possibly determine how "easy" a girl is?. DUH.Because that is your stupid-ass opinion. How-about all the sluts happened to be wearing wigs? Who are you to stereo-type women, solely, based on their hair-color?. WHAT ARE YOU,...AN IDIOT?they aren't... they just got a bad rap over the years...I think red heads are the sleaziestdont know. probably cause they have dirty sluty looking girls like pamela anderson who portray an image of blonde girls looking skankycheapThis is a stupid question.ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT PARIS HILTON AND PAMELA ANDERSON.They were stero typed just like the blode jokes I think maybe the unnatural ones are the easy ones cause all natural blonde as they get baby is not easy ty   even if I am a scorpio so  yeah. repeat not easyim not a blonde and i say this is quite a dumb questionwhere is  she?This by far is the most inaccurate question I have ever seen on here!!. It categorizing people because of a few peoples action!!Sluts come in all race, gender, size, AND hair color!!.  Is it possible you see blonde's and notice they get more attention? Therefore you are jealous!!hmm ar they
It just means you are very much aware of yourself and therefore of what you want. I think it's a good thing.. . Just don't go overboard and become a bit too picky like myself or you'll end up rejecting everybody and not having any personal relationships (as well as possibly contracting a mild form of obsessive compulsive disorder - like myself).Oh, there are lots of scientific proofs. First, smell. Second, magnetic fields. Third, the position of the planets. All that is connected with chemistry. Or physics. Or even mathematics (when you deal with the planets). And helps tremendously in answering why one person is attracted to another and not to someone else. Do you really need any science when you feel yourself who is right for you and who is not? It's just an unfathomable magic of life. If you are young, just go for it without any external proofs.
why do you keep asking this question?  you're getting answers on the other 2 times you've asked.because that's how people sleepso that our eyes wouldn't loose its moisture. Loosing the eyes moisture will get us blind.cuz your real life that stares you in the face is such a nightmare  . . also your eyeballs will get so dried out they won't be able to roll
the color spectrum is visible at different degrees on the earth depending on how high the land is above sea level. if the sun light is on the horizon, and you are close to sea level you will see many reds and yellows and different colorsThere realy is no purpose for the light color change.  What causes it, is the angle of the sun to your possision on the earth.  Different colors of light have different wave lengths in the light spectrum.  So in the mourning, the sun is at an angle on the horizon.  Because of this, the light from the sun must travel through more atmosphere to get to you.  The colors like red and pink and orange, are visible because those colors wavelengths pass more eiselly through the extra atmoshpere.  At noon, the sky is blue, because the light from the sun has much less atmosphere to pass through to get to you.   The atmosphere acts as a filter.  The more atmosphere, the more gets filtered out, leaving the reds and oranges, but the less atmosphere, the more blue shows through.there is no purpose, but the REASON is because of the rays of the sunDo you want to be answered scientifically or you want to make fun of the others who doesn't know?I tell l you the first option if you tell me the reason for your question.air itself acts like a prism. the sky normally loosks blue in the day because blue light scatters around more (is reflected or re-emitted more) while other light flies straighter through the air. . . When sun is setting, different reflection and refraction happen because the light is going through more air, and at a different angle. It bends and bounces different, just like looking at something from the side of a magnifying glass instead of from straight on.. .  It also goes through a lot more of the LOWER atmosphere which contains pollution, dust, smoke, and water vapor.It's just that way. I prefer not to get all science like with it. . But light goes threw water droplets and they act like little prisms. Depending on the way you look at them they look like different colors.. R.C.
Lol, that's funny.  You're allowed to risk getting someone pregnant (or getting pregnant, if you're female) or receiving/transferring sexually transmitted disease at 16, but you are not allowed to masturbate in the privacy of your own home to porn until you're 18.. . That's hilarious.  And so retarded, lol.that's a really good question...very good observation...sadly though, i don't know.Probably because some porn is very harmful to a growing mind. example....rape, brutality,beastiality.....Because one is between you and another person, and another is for the money.. . They are trying to protect young people from exploitation by Pornographers.. . You can have sex at an earlier age if money is not involved.  Not that is a good idea mind you.  But put the money in the equation, well you need to be adult.. . Or do you believe children should be prostitutes on camera or off?. . Hmmm... was not exactly what you are asking was it?  You wanted to know why you could not watch it, not why you could not make it.. . Strangely enough, it is about the same answer.. . You are still watching somebody having sex for money.. . Kind of weird, isn't it?. . And if you know you can make hundreds of dollars per hour having sex on tape, rather than $5 an hour at the local eatery, you would.... . Yeah.  Which is why you should not be able to watch it.  You are too young to understand the downside of the whole thing...I have never thought about that you do need to be 18 to look aat porn and sex in america no one really care about how old you are as long as one of you in not over 18 if the other one is younger
Hi Tyha, your question is very articulate and honest in how you asked it, and you sound like a very perceptive and thoughtful person.. . There are different reasons someone might have trouble connecting, and some of those questions only you know the answer to. (Sometimes there has been emotional trauma or trust issues with others early on, which encourages someone to put up walls.). . But a person can still have trouble with this even without a "bad past" that pushed them in that direction.. . Two personality disorders come to mind: Avoidant pd and Schizoid pd. You probably don't have the actual disorders, just many of the traits while still being functional. (You sound very cognizant and functional... just in a great deal of emotional pain). I have strong tendencies towards both myself.. . I will include links below, and just give you summaries here.. . Avoidant  personality basically means extreme anxiety in the face of interacting with others, so that it's much easier to withdraw from them than have to go through the trouble of interacting. One is often very self-critical, thinks other people will view them negatively, is very sensitive to any hint of criticism (usually resulting in more withdrawal), and so forth; and so even while they really want the relationships, it's too much pain and trouble to overcome the discomfort of dealing with people. (On the Myers-Brigg Trait Indicator, this is often tied to the INFJ types.). . Schizoid personality is similar in regards to being unable to form relationships, but schizoids don't usually care. They are very detached, very unaffected by criticism/conflict, view things very analytically, are flat emotionally in conversation. (Generally associated with the INTP Myers-Briggs type.). . In Oldham's personality theory, there is also the Solitary type. Some people are simply happy being alone and don't feel the overwhelming urge to always have someone around, although they like to establish connections and interact on some basis with others and want to feel accepted.. . It sounds to me as if you are generally okay with being by yourself and enjoy your space, but that you're bothered by the wall you sense between you and others and wish you could somehow get past it just in order to have SOME connections. (This is more "avoidant"-type behavior. The schizoid usually does not lose self-esteem nor cares much about the lack of relationship.) . . Other people also might see you as more "impersonal" or indifferent towards relationships and so respond negatively to you, even while you actually do like people and enjoy them. So that is probably frustrating.. . The links below include a variety of information, including other links that have basic styles of treatments.. . Without a lot of details to go on, it's hard to give specific plans of action. Some ideas:. . 1. Accept yourself where you're at. You're okay. You just have some rough areas, and struggle with forging relationships the way that some others do.. . 2. Other people judge you less than you probably think... until you seemed "closed" to them, and then they react negatively. Much of the criticism you might feel during an interaction comes from yourself, and when you respond to it, you sort of "trigger" rejection from others. Again, you're okay -- even if you come across as disjointed in speech (as opposed to your writing, which shows a lot of structure and coherence), or fumble some interactions.  Don't let your awkwardness or uncertainty over how to relate get you down.. . 3. Since interaction might be hard, find other ways to show people you value and appreciate them. Develop a level of politeness to show people you think about them and respect them. Or get them cards on their birthdays (just one small example). Some of this stuff might seem tedious and you might be indifferent towards it yourself; but any little "action" you well don't worry ur not alone, i also am the same as u!! i mean i don't trust ppl right away, i stay away from ppl, or i don't let ppl get close to me as friends much!! with every person the reason is different, with me for ex: my parents are conservative n don't let me out of the house to congregate with my friends nor do they let me out with my car period. as a result, of being sheltered all the time i have become accustomed to the sheltered lifestyle. i don't know ur background or how ur parents treat u but perhaps that might b the reason with u!!Immaturity and fear.  Laugh it up.  Throw a smile on your face and caution to the wind.  Just talking to a person does not thrust them into your life. Remember another person does not have control over your life unless you let them.  The best way to keep people away from your personal life when they are getting too nosy is to respond to their prying questions by saying  "Why do you need to know that??!!"  . If this is effecting your self esteem, you need to get professional help.  A well trained therapist can give you tools to cope with your social anxiety.  . Good luck and remember, there are many people like you out there, perhaps as many as a quarter of each group you meet!chemical imbalances, that's why people take "crazy people" medicineIm like this. . just know youre not alone. . I believe Im anti-social because people are scary. . dont lose self esteem over it though. Just enjoy keeping quite.... its OK to be private.Could be genetics, upbringing, family, other issues.. . Contact your local mental health department. Make an appointment for an evaluation. They can do wonders with what you are going through.
women are more expressive on what they feel and tend to let it out by screaming, laughing, or crying, or whatever... well as to men they more of like keeping their feelings to themselves. or if they do let it out, they do it the physical way like sports or work outs and sturffs like that. that's why they dont scream as much as women do...because women feel that they have to talk louder for people to really take them seriouslyi'm going to be clean and assume we are referring to like such things as in arguments..or in enjoyment out of simple things.. why, b/c we get so frustrated. it's a fiery woman thing. i don't know what it is..but if someone doesn't get me the first time i get annoyed and think if i iterate it in a louder voice it will make a differene, LOL.. as for we scream during a concert or event..or something silly like that.. cuz it's jut a natural expression of happiness.Because a man screaming is gay like. Women scream when they are scared, excited, happy, everything. Men dont scream unless they have just been stabbed or shot. Screaming has always been considered girly in society.Are you sure?. I'm male and I scream every time an episode of 'FRIENDS' or 'CHARMED' comes on TV.it's because they want to let that feeling out... it'll be too hard for women to keep it inside.. they are more sensitive in these kinds of stuff... ^_^what kind of perverted question is that, and if not perverted then quite shovanistic. if you put a man and a women in front of a phyco with a axe i think they'll scream just as much.. plus women are more comfitable with themselves and threfore are able to let true emotions out even fear, unlike men who try and play it off like thre unstoppable or some bs like that.thats their basic natureWoman are just more expressive than men. Most men rather act than express. Most women exress before acting. This is the same case with fear. Women first express there fear with screaming, then acting. Men react.. . Both have advanctages. Sometimes acting without hesitation is necessary. Such as in moments of danger. Sometimes acting without expressing can cause anger and frustration. This can worsen a situation.Because, sadly, men have generally been brought up to bottle up their frustrations and emotions, so therefore do not scream terribly often!Man i dunno :S , i don't, and i think it's stupidcoz it feels to them as though they will be taken seriously
find a cause. u came to world to do something. u have no choice but to live. cheersbecause you are going to die anyway!. . have fun on the way. . hope this helps . . ssbecause i know wat it feels like when someone you love dies when they shouldnt and you know wat people who kill them selfs are selfish and cowards.  life is great when you are in control and every one is in control of their own livesbecause alot of ppl prob care about u and every1 has a purpose in life u just have to find itBECAUSE JESUS LOVES YOU HE WOULDN'T PUT MORE ON YOU THEN YOU CAN BARRmainly because you dont know whats round the corner, are you dieing with cancer, no well sorry you have stacks to life for, do you have a family, brothers and sisters well what about them if anything happened to you, think what it would do to them,. Enjoy yourself, get out meet people, help yourself to pull yourself out of a mood, go for walks, cycle and take note what is around you, people are dieing all around us with bad illnes, why be upset, life and do some thing with your life, go on, wake up a new lifeBecause life is built into usEach one of us was created with a specific destiny to fulfil, and to achieve a distinct greatness. Nothing is without purpose in this universe. Our destinies are pre-ordained AND the only thing that can stop you from attaining your potential and being what you were meant to be is YOU alone.  What We Are Now is the only thing that stops us from being What We Are Meant to Be.. . So step back see what makes you special, and if you need help figuring it out them ask a friend (sometimes absolute strangers can be of help too), once you figure that out, you shall understand that the universe did expend its energies with a specific goal that only you can achieve. We all are dreams of universe that have been crystallised by a moment in time. So it makes you VERY special.. . Too many of us never fulfil our destinies as we never think how we figure in the universe's scheme of things. I'm fulfilling my destiny serving as a bad example [just kidding ;) ]because im still alive and i've been through some real bad stuff... you should live because it is what we do and you just have to keep going and be strong.How am I to know. I don't know you. I can tell you why I should live. Because I want to.Because life is an adventure. It gets you down sometimes but there will be high points that will make the adventure worth it.you should live because people love you and care about you.Because there is someone out there whose life you will change in an immeasurably good way. You may not even be aware of it when it happens, but it will.Because God wants you to!click on my 360 blog profile for some inspirationbecause you don't know what is on the next page. if you close the book, you aren't giving it a chance to get interesting, also, live in spite of everything. if you don't live, they've won. and you are so much stronger than that. we are on this earth to learn the lessons we need to move on. sometimes those lessons are almost too much to bear, but it's worth it in twenty years to see how you've grown and risen above who you used to be. much love and peace.Because life can be  beautiful if you only tryfirst, because of your instincts.. second, one of them is Curiosity, so to find why you are living.. know anything.Because existence is enough to be grateful for.so u can give ure parents a time to be happy and you'll realise wat ure here for.that all well and good but the olny true thing is " i control my self nothing eles " you be in control and let nothing get in your wayto be good and refuse bad stuff!Hmmmm........ 'cos no matter how bad life gets, it sure beats the crap out of being couped up in a wooden box 6ft underground being devoured by maggots and worms.. . At least when  ur alive you can enjoy:. Fishing, Monty Python's Flying Circus, Fish & Chips, Orgasms, Billy Connolly stand-up routines, Fawlty Towers,  watching the (soccer) World Cup + Watching Formula1 (especially if it's at Monaco, Silverstone or Spa-Francorchamps).b/c life is a blessing.. if you live to see another day and be here on earth that is the amazing grace of God allowing you an opportunity to make a difference in this world and be a blessing to someone else. We all need each other.anyone that says or tries and does not succeed is just cowards. people think they are going to get attention so say they tried killing themselves when they know they are not going to die from this or that. and people that talk about it are just cowards. the only people i feel sorry for is the ones that blow 1/2 there heads off and still live. they were doing it but just did not succeed they were not being a looser and doing it for attention. anyway anyone that says or tries killing themselves are fucking cowards.If you have nothing else to contribute to society, then don't.Why not?Because my dad killed himself and I can never forgive him even if he was a pervert that wanted his own daughter as a lover. He was a coward. Afraid to face the law for his pervertedness. Was he thinking of the people he left behind the bills they incured? No A selfish cowardly man are you a coward too?because life is a gift that you should accept. someone gave you this gift because they felt you deserved itBecause someone loves you.To help others and to make them happy, as others have helped you and made you happy. Ya see, we are all inner-twined, when one leaves, it throws everything out of wak!Because life is better than hell.I have no idea. Only you can answer this question because only you know what you have in your life.Because you were born, you have a life, you are alive, someone loves you, you have some talent and something to offer the world around you and yourself....enjoy the view!why not live?the question is why shouldn't you live.. You have affected loads of people's lives by just being born and even more people as you hav grown. How many would you affect if were to die tomorrow? How many would you affect if you die in 30 years?. From CrystalKnow that you have the power to "choose"  and basically the choices you make are based on the knowledge you have on any given situation. . . It is situations that we don't understand... that pulls between what your brain thinks and what your heart feels.  If it deals with Love that you are not alone.  . . The best thing you can do for your situation is to seek help.  You'd be surprised to know that their are many in the world that are in similar or even worst situations than you.  . . But no matter what... it doesn't give you or anyone the right to end your life. . . Till today... (and I'm retired) I find my self asking other for inputs on matters of life.  Then I simply review the knowledge I've gained...throw out the trash (and you'll get some of that too).. .then make my final decisions. . . If you are religious .. or care to see what the tech manual of life has to say about your situation.... go to http://www.christiananswers.net   and search the Bible... . . Everything and anything that raises a question about life... is written for us to learn from.Because you want to live.because suicide is the most selfish thing anyone could do. Just think about positive things. You have a place to live, 2 hands (I hope :)  ) etc..you have food and water, and people who care about you (I hope again :) )because you're not going to get another chance at lifeIt's not up to the rest of the world to decide. If you want to die then just kill yourself, don't come here looking for pity, Honestly? I say if your asking why, then just do it.That way we don't have to listen to your whining any further.  Cheers!. BTW.... "SYNTH" make me! I.M. and make me do it. BTW (again) BLOW ME!because things can onley get better no matter how bad it isbecause no matter how bad life seems many many people love youI hope you have a face to face person you can talk to. If I were feeling that way I would want to talk to someone about all the reasons I don't want to live. The choice to live or die is within all of our hands. I hope you will choose life.
It is my understanding that dust particles in the atmosphere cause the colours of a sunset. When the clouds are beautifully coloured, usually after you see the sun go past the horizon, it is a reflection of the sunset further west. Hope that helped!reflective light
what is a yuppie?. Are you a Yuppie?they smoke pipesI think that it is divided down the middle. Some do and some don't. However in most cases where they do, I see them smoking Marlboro Lights and Parliments.they don't smoke, they just put them in their little holders and hold them up like they do smoke, and talk their yuppie talk, like you know like what I mean, like, smoking is like disguisting, like, why do people smoke anyways, like it's just like not hip.Mary JanesWell i don't know...what kind of cigarettes do you smoke???They don't smoke.Parliaments or cigars!!!!Yuppies don't smoke cigarettes. they are way to busy pretending to be concerned about the planet, the oceans, Wall Street, Etc. to waste time being excluded from no-smaking buildings.I don't care as long as they don't smoke 'em around me.. Yuck! I hate smelling like a cigarette!Who cares? I'm just glad they'll all die of cancer before I'm 50 and I can retire in peace.
they are right. aids is the diseases n hiv is the virus that cuases it. ... but whats that to do with psychology? :oPHIV is the virus, and AIDS is what it does to you.. moreover, you can carry the virus & infect others, but not have AIDS yourself.What is the Difference Between HIV and AIDS?     previous page  next page. . . HIV is the virus that causes AIDS.. . . H - Human: because this virus can only infect human beings.. I - Immuno-deficiency: because the effect of the virus is to create a deficiency, a failure to work properly, within the body's immune system.. V - Virus: because this organism is a virus, which means one of its characteristics is that it is incapable of reproducing by itself. It reproduces by taking over the machinery of the human cell..    . A - Acquired: because it's a condition one must acquire or get infected with; not something transmitted through the genes. I - Immune: because it affects the body's immune system, the part of the body which usually works to fight off germs such as bacteria and viruses. D - Deficiency: because it makes the immune system deficient (makes it not work properly). S - Syndrome: because someone with AIDS may experience a wide range of different diseases and opportunistic infections.HIV is the virus and AIDS is the condition.AIDS is an abreviation of medical terms that describe a fatal condition which is the most common reaction for human beings who "Aquire" the:. . Human Imunodeficiency Virus. or HIV.. . Aquired Imune Deficiency SyndromeHIV is the human immunodeficiency virus that causes AIDS. A member of a group of viruses called retroviruses, HIV infects human cells and uses the energy and nutrients provided by those cells to grow and reproduce.. AIDS (acquired immunodeficiency syndrome) is a disease in which the body's immune system breaks down and is unable to fight off certain infections, known as "opportunistic infections," and other illnesses that take advantage of a weakened immune system.. . When a person is infected with HIV, the virus enters the body and lives and multiplies primarily in the white blood cells. These are the immune cells that normally protect us from disease. The hallmark of HIV infection is the progressive loss of a specific type of immune cell called T-helper or CD4 cells. . . As the virus grows, it damages or kills these and other cells, weakening the immune system and leaving the individual vulnerable to various opportunistic infections and other illnesses, ranging from pneumonia to cancer.
Did you want to give me 10 points? :). . Vakuf in a Turkish charity-like organization in Bosnia-Herzegovina.I just know that there are towns named "Gornji Vakuf", "Donji Vakuf" and "Skender Vakuf" in Bosnia i Hercegovina. . . But perhaps you want to know about a different meaning ...
I don't think India exports a lot of her medicinal plants. I think those are mostly consumed within her borders. As far as seasonings go, which may be considered medicinal, these are exported in large quantities but I doubt this is really anything you are looking for.This is a really boring question.  You could have asked something more exciting, like "What are common administration techniques used in public libraries?". . My guess is, medicinal plants have an advantageous effect on the Indian economy and they really work good.
The word you're so desperately trying to use is "who".. . And I don't because I don't care enough to think about it.I do believe there over inhabited planets, but we won't get in contact with them.We can't be alone, and even a fish on some distant moon three galaxies over would still be alien life. . . Has our planet ever been visited? Any species capable of coming to our world from their own, is capable of masking the fact that they were here so its entirely possible. When it comes to travelling in our own airspace, we have all kinds of technology to disguise our planes and boats from each others detection devises, so you need to physically see the vehicle. . . When its comes to things like abductions, well, do you think the fish you throw back is ever believed when he tells his friends to watch out, because one of those worms might bring him to a world where there's no water and huge beings control hooks with strange rods?Since the universe is infinite, it would be foolish to think that we are the only living beings in the whole of the universe."...despite the fact that we humans are great collectors of souvenirs, not one of these persons [claiming to have been aboard a flying saucer] has brought back so much as an extraterrestrial tool or artifact, which could, once and for all, resolve the UFO mystery." Philip Klass  . . "Aliens, if an when we find them, could be so alien, so different from humanity as to undermine the meaning of any exchange we might have, or even make such exchange impossible." --Henry Gee. . There is a widespread belief that alien beings have traveled to Earth from some other planet and are doing reproductive experiments on a chosen few. Despite the incredible nature of this belief and a lack of credible supportive evidence, a cult has grown up around it. According to a Gallup poll done at the end of the twentieth century, about one-third of Americans believe aliens have visited us, an increase of 5% over the previous decade.. . UFO study finds no sign of aliens. See in. http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/4981720.stm. http://www.trudang.com/autopsy/autocont.html. http://www.trudang.com/autopsy/auttime.html. http://www.skepdic.com/aliens.htmlHuh?. Did aliens write the question? j/k... ;-). . I think you meant:.  Who does believe in aliens and why? .  Who doesn't believe in aliens & why?. . Correct?. . Yes, I believe there is other life in the universe that are probably far more advanced than us. . Have they visited our planet? I haven't seen any concrete proof, but with all the references through time, it does make one wonder.. . I know if I had the technology for intergalactic travel, I'd definately check out other planets. How cool would that be?!SEEING IS BELIEVING.I have seen them
Life has no meaning, it is a state of being.  The word has meaning, but you must give it a context.  Philosophically, the question should be, "What gives life meaning?"Life is a test in service of a higher power, that is my belief.Life is a world of happiness, sandiness and a life  is a life to learn some of the other from the people live around us in our life.that's a bad question to ask because there is no true meaning of life.42whatever you choose to give it.memoriesthe enduringto follow your dreams, goals and aspirationsTo give it all you can and believing that you were placed on earth for a purpose. We all have an individual mission in life. We were set in this world to accomplish and make a difference. We need to find our true passion. If you are asking this question is because you need to keep looking.to find the meaning of life.about a dollarLove, that is the meaning of life.
i think teen pregnancy is a huge deal lately.  i think that teens need to realize that sex should not just be about the physical act, but the emotion attached to it; however, it is unlikely to happen so i think that parents and teachers need to realize that teaching abstinence does nothing and that they need to provide the teens with safe sex methods and help to keep pregnancy from happening and stds from being spreaddrugs.  lots and lots of drugs, at least it was for me.  just keep them busy and stay involved with them and keep them focused.PRESSURE! the pressure to have sex [with more than one person at that] the pressure to drink, the pressure to do drugs, the pressure to lie, the pressure to cheat, the pressure to be someone that you aren't just so you could fit it with the "it" crowd. this is why teens today are losing their mind and having panic attacks and are dying... it's too much pressure...Peer pressure.  Peer pressure can lead to lots of different issues drugs, alcohol, sex, pornography, racism....the list goes on. . .  Basically they need to have a strong bond with an adult preferably a parent who they can talk to about these things and sort out the best way to handle each individual situation as it presents itself.  . . I've seen a lot of good kids do really stupid things because of peer pressure and the fact that they simply want to be accepted and don't know how to stand up for their beliefs and create long lasting friendships.Well I am a teenager and a lot of my issues faced are school, what is happening at home, I will be moving soon.  I hide a lot of stuff from my parents and the best way to handle it is just talk to the teenager, go out somwhere like to dinner or have a home cooked meal and ask them how everything it going.  I hesitate when my mom asks me but I know she is doing this for a reason.. . Another way is open up to the teenager about yourself.  And then that will help them ease up on saying what is going on. My mom gives me her opal ring and I have to wear it for a week and after that week is over  I tell her one thing that is on my mind such as how I am doing in school.. . I hope this helped you.  There are other ways but just do what you think is best.drugs,sex,achohol,body peircings and good education!all we can do is educate them.have stricter laws with drug and crime offenders even if they are under age!right now most of them think well if i get in trouble i wont do jail time anyways!and let them know that you love them and that they can talk to you about anything!SEX. . teens need to know they have no business being sexy. . parents need to enforce moral behavior
life is only partly real. the other part is like a movie. actualy its very freeing,when we'r sufferin. its only like actors cryin on the screenLook around you at everything. I believe life is real because for the last 25 years I have watched everything around me grow older and I watched life grow inside of me when I carried my four children inside of myself. How would we grow, if there was no life?maybe you expect too much . . life is not bad it is how you cope with it . . if it is not real why are you having such a bad time?. . thanks, . . SSit's real.. in the psychological sense.. however philisophically....Walk into a wall.  If you make it to the other side, you'll have your answer.Pinch yourself.. . I did, and guess what, I am really here after all. Who knew?Reality is only perception. We all see our own realm of existence through our own interpretation of life. We can however control our beliefs, reaction, and tolerance through the decisions we make on a daily basis. . . I truly believe that we are put on this earth as a test...a test to our true strength and compassion by persevering through hard times. I understand that there are things in this world that is somewhat beyond our control such as politics, world hunger,  poverty, and so forth. It is our decision to control how we react and deal with life's curve balls that help build our characteristics. . . Bottom line is there is no one truth...truth is in the eye of the beholder.We cannot know, we can only believe.. . And although there are bad things happening in the world, life is not bad for everyone at all times. There are things about life to be embraced and enjoyed.We accept life as being real by believing that others have experienced what we are experiencing and that there are solutions to every problem.  Be thankful that if you get at least 8 hours sleep a night, your only living two thirds of your life.  Oh, and life gets better when we seek betterment for more than ourselves.  Odd how that works.by believingi think you need a beer
Arrogance is when you boast about how good you are.. . Confidence is action with out words.  The I can do it attitude.Arrogance is when someone else says something cocky. Confidence is when you say something cocky. It's all perspective.Confidence is a self assertion that you're doing the right thing at the right time.. Arrogance is the self assertion that anything you is always right, or more right than anyone elseArrogance comes from the ego and confidence is all about your real self. Actually people who don't have much confidence tend to become arrogant.Arrogance is negative, while Confidence is positive.. A person that is arrogant is really a weak person inside, and tries to hide behind the hard, i've got it all look. They feel the need to show it off to people because they are just that, show off with no real potential....at least they think so.. The confident person knows who he is, and is comfortable with it, and doesn't have the need to show it off, or prove it to anyone.. Confidence is a winner, that quality can take you places. But arrogance can actually get in your way, and lead you to failure..... hope that answered your question.. CheersConfidence is the knowledge of ability or competence.  Arrogance is the abrasive uncertainty of ability or competence.Arrogance is broadcasting your confidence.  . . Confidence, in and of itself, is straight up enough to those who aren't arrogant.  Knowing what you're capable and projecting what you're capable of are two completely different things.. . Real heads don't broadcast.The difference between the two terms, assuming the obvious one is ignored (they are spelt differently) is as below.. . Arrogance is displaying a sense of  self-worth or self-importance, while; . . Confidence  is being certain or assured.Both quality and quantity.. Confidence is a well founded, reasonable belief in ones abilities.. Arrogance is a disproportionately large, possibly unfounded, almost boundless belief in one's power.. Unfortunately, many mistake arrogance for confidence, and find out too late that their trust and belief is misplaced.. Indicator: arrogance is noisier and showier. Confidence is usually quiet action.
Light makes things grow. It is important to have light.yep, for both light and to seeIt keeps nature in balance.because you will never enjoy night time if there's no day time and vise versa.. ?sunlight is important for a few reasons- so plants grow, for warmth, so we and the animals can see, certain biological processes require sunlight. Humans produce vitamin D when they get some sunlight, and we get depressed if we don't get enough sunlight.If you start the day by waking Up above ground, then you will experience all that goes with being alive - joy, pain, tears laughter, sorrow, love - hate.  But if you wake up Below ground.. day does not matter, you didn;t get the chance to start it.  You are now in the realm of food for worms and all else that lives in the soil.
History is not boring.... It makes sense of the world.  It puts into context how and why everything in this world is so messed up.  I often hear that people study history so we don't repeat the mistakes of the past, but that is untrue... we always repeat the mistakes of the past.  I think we study history to learn how to conquer people and mess things up like people in the past have done.  Learn and follow by example.. . If you are still in high school or lower level grades then you're right... history is boring because they are giving you a watered down version which is often flat out lies. . .  Wait til you get to college... you will learn stuff that will blow your mind... then again, if they lied to us all the way up to high school, maybe they lie to us in college too??? just a thought...because it will show us what not to do and what will work. learning a process that will take you your whole life. remember that you learn something new every day of your life and if you embrace it you will be of great value to your world.have you ever heard the saying history repeats itself or learn from other peoples mistakes. if we don't learn history how can we possibly handle the future.I'm not a teacher ok but all i can say is history can be boring (trust me on that........) but history can teach us a lot of things like world war 2 on how it started thing like that(but still history is boring huh!?! i always fall asleep in that subject)it suppose to be so we don't make the same mistake. sometime I get so bord with it but again it sometime make me glad Im  not in the past like those peopleSo you wont make the same stupid mistakes your ancesters already made. Even if its not history that makes it into books its important. Can you imagine every new generation having to learn something like to not get into cars with strangers or don't talk to that neighbor who is a little too quiet?. where would your butt be?cause it teaches us where we have been and who and what brought it about so maybe we can improve . right now what you are doing in life will be to some one in the future history  and if you do  something that is really cool that wont be boringKnowing where you come from is one of the best ways of knowing where you are going. History helps us progress because because we know what to avoid and what to aspire for.He he.... Everybody got it wrong... Yes, we should learn from History and not repeat the same mistakes again (although we do), but the reason for WHY is that we need to know our culture and where we are from. If the previous answeres were right, Ethics would also be a compulsory subject. But in fact, it’s all about learning your culture, like in case of Literature.If u donno wht was wrong in the past... u wont be able to learn from it"Those who cannot learn from history are condemned to repeat it." --George Santayana. . Knowledge of the good and the bad that humanity is capable of, an understanding of how the world we live in has developed in the way that it has, and the opportunity for each person to develop informed attitudes on current and previous events and issues.its so we can learn how we got here, what we should do now and to see if we can make choices for the future. lol i actually like history, its my favorite subjectTo understand the Geographyif you have to ask you are not ready to know.OMG!!!!. . I'm the smartass who's supposed to say something wise about. . George Santayana, the Spanish gay dude,. . but since i was beaten to it, well,. . F&ck history.. . I never enjoyed the dam(ed subject anyway!. . :)there is a saying "Those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it." we need 2 learn the pasts mistakes so we don't repeat them in a modern world, just like u need 2 remember not to put your hand on pot on the stove or stick a fork in the outlet.When u make any mistake, u can say that a great person in History did the same mistake.yea like leslie said, learn from the past and life will be better. if u don't know history, i suggest you grab a book and read it u'll find ur answer.
Catered to the "news as entertainment" crowd and those that thought/think that all the media is a bunch of whiney liberals.  They just swung the other way.Fox News reports without all the innuendo, sarcasm and slant the National News does.. Example; No matter what you think of Gitmo, if you are honest it has to infuriate you that two American servicemen, in the uniform of this country that should afford them protection in the event of capture, are tortured and slaughtered by animals.  Only Fox News has had the courage to report on the way this event has been reported on as compared to the hand-wringing that goes on constantly over Gitmo.Because they are "fair and balanced".better, more accurate reporting, less opinions from left wing liberals
I believe most of us see government and cultural changes that we don't like, but we're complacent because our daily lives are not much changed. However, I think we are inching toward oppressive laws that both liberals and conservatives will object to and people will finally wake up.for a detailed answer to this question see the Patriot Act. Also, you might try a casual poll of people you know to see if they can even name our basic rights and how they would feel if the one they see as most important was infringed or denied.We aren't complacent when it comes to challenging gov't, we are complacent in not challenging evil forces such as Islamafascism.Whatever...If you mean complacent like society on a whole well its probably the fact that people like a routine. By the time people have reached the "adulthood" status alot of them have been through so much crap and disfunction that they latch onto anything that that is stable and will do anything to keep it that way... without being true to themselves they sell outMaybe we agree with most of the stuff our government does and appreciate our quality of life.  . . What's your beef?  What do you want? A socialist state? Revolution for the sake of revolution?I believe it's laziness. I am not complacent at all. I'll challenge anyone anytime.I don't think we "can't challenge our government" like communisim, but it takes real commitment and lots of time to make a difference. We're so busy going to work, raising our kids, taking care of our houses, etc. that there is not time left to commit to causes. Also, the more modern conveniences we get, the busier we seem to become.Alternatively, people are generally contented with their life. Just because you are upset over something, it doesn't mean that everyone is.vets for peace the problem is activism can ruin your life like a jail term or being put on a watch list by the FBI and then try to get a government job or contract or go in the service it adds up like that against you and they are disapearing folks into camps and not allowing contact with lawyers or the writ of habeas-corpus so its like a declared war without the human rights  VETS FOR PEACE
I remember some girl on the MTV show next said she HATED ugly people. She was very good looking but she said she cant stand being around ugly people. That was pretty low.Until you explode. . . With narcissism.I can't Be shallow. If you are asking how shallow can a person be, you only need to become a teacher in many ghetto schools where the students are sometimes grouped into vocational high schools, such as the troubled parts of Los Angeles and NYC. Too often, there are the misfits of society, crime ridden mentality, often without direction,. life skills, poor reading ability, lacking culkture of mainstream or/and  direction.where you are raised in a close-minded family, who do not accept anyone elses values or beliefs and raise you as a spoiled child, who has everything and cant see any other way a sensible way. that is rock bottoma 1/4 inch or so I would imagineTHE MORE I LOOK AROUND THE MORE I REALIZE I AM NOT.i dunno....what was your analysis?
Hey, White people like it too.. In fact, I had a shot of it this afternoon.Why do bikers and rednecks like Jack Daniels?It's easy to think that all black people love hennessey.  You used to hear it in every rap song in the early to mid 90's.  It's one of those "thug passion" drinks along with gin and juice.  I'm from Gary,IN and on just about every corner back home you could find either a liquor store or a church.  But if you go to white neighborhoods you would maby find one.  So with that much advertisement on a daily basis you grow up thinking that your supposed to drink certain drinks.?donnoIt's not just a black thing because I have plenty white friends and we all use to drink Hennessey.Marketing.marketing.. same reason why people will think jack daniels is only a drink for low class blue collar white people.. and as an after thought,as marketing seems determined to market for 'whites' or 'blacks' or 'gays' or Christians',can we maybe begin to wonder why bigotry and racism won't die out?. as long as people are separated and classified then they will never become whole and simply humans.Something is wrong with you, really.I don't drink, but the answer is marketing the product in black magazines. How else do you explain Hummers becoming so popular in the black community. They didn't advertise them that much in the past.honestly that's what's sold the most and the cheapest in our neighborhoods.........but there are white people who like it toook, princess, you are 'killing me softly'...are you a Sociology major?  Just curious.  But i don't know, everyone who drinks, like what they like, and yeah, the usual- marketing, media, and of course things like class, peer pressure etc.  And i'm a black person, i hate alcohol, i love fruit juices...especially after white water rafting, heehee.iv drank there whiskey very good stuff for all races
It is the stupid belief that something bad will happen if  you do a certain thing.  Examples: Step on a crack, break your mothers back; killing a cricket is bad luck; break a mirror and have 7 years bad luck; it's bad luck to walk under a ladder; it's bad luck to split a pole (meaning something passing between two people); the number 666 is bad luck....And I could go on forever with these.. . I think this stuff is just silly.An irrational belief that an object, action, or circumstance not logically related to a course of events influences its outcome. . . A belief, practice, or rite irrationally maintained by ignorance of the laws of nature or by faith in magic or chance. . A fearful or abject state of mind resulting from such ignorance or irrationality. . Idolatry.
eat  and die.. . kaomuang saechao is a fat asian kid who is retardedkaomuang saechao is a fat asian kid who is retardedkaomuang saechao is a fat asian kid who is retardedkaomuang saechao is a fat asian kid who is retardedkaomuang saechao is a fat asian kid who is retardedkaomuang saechao is a fat asian kid who is retardedkaomuang saechao is a fat asian kid who is retardedkaomuang saechao is a fat asian kid who is retardedkaomuang saechao is a fat asian kid who is retardedIt depends on why that person is mad at you. . A) If it was your fault, a sincere apology is the most appropriate way to diffuse their anger.  Talk to the person in a manner that will not worsen the situation.  Most of the times, saying the right things will make a lot of difference and makes the other person to think rationally.  . B) If it is not your fault, then you should take a stand and make it clear that their anger has no ground and they should back off.. C) Finally, if the person is unreasonable you are better of walking away instead of confronting. Your non-verbal gestures will be more effective in this case.try 2 figure out wats da problem 4 urself.... dont follow or go w/ wat others r sayin cuz they mite steer ya wrong...trust me it better 2 figure things out urself.... go & try 2 talk things out w/ da perosn who is mad @ u.... if he/she doesnt want 2 talk this over...then they aint worth it.... in da end...they r da ones dat look like "da bad guy"...Mad for each other.To be honest, I hate it. I mean I might not act like I care, but I do. So if someone is mad at me and I know the reason why they ar mad, then I try to fix. I usually tend to give them space, I hate dealing with mad people.apologize if you know you've done something wrong. or try talking to that person, you might have offended him in some ways you didn't know. if he doesn't accept your apology, so be it. at least, you've done your part.Nothing.  It basically has nothing to do with you, only them.  You are in charge of you.  The other person is in charge of him/her self.  You are not in charge of anyone else's feelings, only your own. If they ask and you feel it's necessary, you can let them know that you are sorry that they feel that way.  Anger at another person is as pointless as being angry at a rock or a chair; a waste of energy.try to intimidate them by screamingSmile and say, "you look so good when you are mad"speak to the person to see what caused all the unhappiness... if you think the person is unreasonable then it's their problem.They will come back to their senses when they cool down.. . No worries...ask why.talk.Love them. . Be sincerely compassionate in trying to understand them, and know that you aren't capable of making anyone feel anyway. It is a choice.  Listen intently and don't take anything personally as the  current issue is just about never the real issue. In listening the real issue will reveal itself.
hehe. sea chicken. i got this humorous picture of a chicken swimming underwater.i,ve only heard that reference for tuna fish. sorryCome on!  Why in the world is this under women's studies?!  Because it has to do with something stupid Jessica Simpson is known for?!!!  Chicken has come to be known as a blanket term used for something that is common, tastes good, and is a kind of meat.  Tuna is a common fish in our society, it tastes good, and is a kind of meat.  Tuna fish is the "chicken" of the sea.
It can be done over generations by teaching kids the benifits of looking out for everyone and making a point of showing examples of places run like that and how great it is. Then the people that end up in charge won't get all greedy and ruin everyones life.It can be stopped when resouces are shared by all.. . when there is one nation.. . one religion.. . one language.. . one law.(let live all)The haves need to share with the have nots.you cant so dont worry about itsend all the poor people to live with the super-rich, the celebritites in hollywood, and the politicians! that should fix that whole poverty thing REAL fast!
Of which economic system?Okay, here goes:. . Capitalism: Pro - efficiency, Con - instability in the short run. Communism: Pro - price stability, Con - poor quality and supply,            large black marketEconomists find that there is generally a trade-off between a society's wealth and its equality.  The less people are forced to share with other people, the harder they will work.  Laissez faire capitalism tends to promote the greatest wealth for society, as measured by GDP, but leads to large disparities in income between the poor and the rich.  Communism, on the other hand, attempts to ensure relative equality among citizens, but results in a low standard of living for everyone.
the big deal about the date being 666 yesterday is because it is the number of the devil......in the bible, after the rapture of the church occurs everyone will be forced to get the mark of the beast, which is a sequence of three 6s.  people who don' t have the mark will be killed, but anyone who does have the mark doesn't have a chance of making it to heaven.  if someone doesn't have the mark they will not be able to buy anything and it will be hard not to get the mark.No omen just some people trying to scare other people so they could hold power over them.The omen was supposedly the end of the earth. The second question I guess because the bible says so?
Contact the bank immediately and cancel the card!  Next, contact the three major credit reporting bureaus and report the card as stolen.  If the "friend" knew the password, your sister may have some explaining to do, as to why she gave the code out.  It may have to be decided in a court of law. . . But -- first things first -- CANCEL THE CARD!  And if I were you, I would open a new account -- maybe even at a different bank.go to a different bank companyJust about all bank atm's have cameras.  You need to start the disputed charges and fraudulent activity process with your bank accounts or credit card companies that the money came from.  There are special procedures to go through and the sooner you do them, the sooner you will get your money back.call the bank that the card is issued from and tell them to put a stop on it.  Then order a new cardtalk to your bank about it as they may refund the money if you have insurance on your card and ask for a new pin number
Water is wet because the molecules of water are loosely held together by the dipole intermolecular forces of attraction.  Therefore, water can easily slide down your hand or into a cup, because of the fluidity of the molecules.  This is what causes "wetness".wet... is just a description of how we feel.... the main reason is bcos it is liquidI like dehydrated water the best, it's not nearly as wet as the regular stuffIt isn't.because if it were dry then it wouldn't  be waterthe tricks of the english language...wet is caused by water ( duh!)..and by a change of state from solid to liquid..or by condensation from vapor back to liquid..and of course when dew point is reached and it falls on your head.. . Try the same question in Russian or in Farsi and you'll find that the relation of water to wet will vary.because air is dry...there needs to be a balancebecause god made it that waybecause its water!  Duh!cuz its water??the same reason why fire is hotWet is a subjective feeling. Mercury looks wet but wouldn't feel wet. Take my word for it--don't handler mercury.cause that's how god made itSo if air feels wet, is it?  . . I got off an airplane in London, England and felt as though I was wading in ankle deep water as I walked through the airport...weird....woooooooWHAT?! I m laughing sooooo hard right now.... what kind of question is that.....hahahahahahahahahahooh ohh i know the answer to this question. ARE YOU SERIOUS????. let me tell you the story of a galaxy far far away.....SERIOUSLY. pluto and uranus? collided millions of years ago.....right above Earth.... at that time pluto's atmosphere was concentrated with hydrogen gas (dats why its so cold *hint*) and uranus was at the time the transport module for oxygen for the Little Green Men from Mars. Gas and gas formed a new substance that flowed substantaneously: WATER. . oh and the surviving Lil' Green Men from ze collision evolved to form idiots.......lets just hope u haven't got the genes(or perhaps stole them?)
Just be honest and tell him, don't beat around the bush or wait till its too late. If he cares or loves you, he will respect what you have to say.just say, i'm not ready.If you're not ready to join then obviously you are having second thoughts.  Sit down and ask yourself why you don't want to join and then think why you do.  Compare the answers.  Also, if they're pressuring you to join then they're not considering your feelings and may not be good frat brothers.just tell them. If they dont listen, hit them with a hot iron rod. That will cool them off.Succumb, and join the rest of the herd.  MOO!!!Yeah I agree - just tell them you need some more time.  Make sure they know that you're being faithful to their group - not like you're considering others - but that you just need more time.  Good Luck!No one should ever be forced to do something they don't want to do.  If you don't feel up to it, tell someone and they will surely understand what you are going through.
I'm not sure I agree with your claim.  Give some examples of the countries you mean for both or your illustrations.Probably because social economics in income equal countries seem to put a big emphasis on health care and therefor.... . the rich pay for the health of the poor.... . in the unequal income countries (which USA is becoming one of them more and more...), people look out for number one and therefor everyone suffers when someone becomes sick...  and if your sick, you can't work, so therefor, you join the ranks of the street urchant...Compared to what...people in societies with low levels of income equality? Disease doesn't check the society or stock market pages before striking.these people may have a lot of money but that doesn't mean that they know how to take care of themselves. in other words, it doesn't mean they are smart people. rich, ya. smart, no.
Because they can focus better and work better having not been up drinking all night with other bachelors. :-)A married man has more responsibility then a bachelor. So in the work place bosses tend to look at that and assume they will be able to handle more work. Also a married man is less likely to show up late or call in to parting to hard the night before.. Not all situations are the same and alot of bachelors are more responsible than that. Plus married guys seem to show a more family orientated business..If this is true, I can see two reasons:. . 1)  They are probably, on average, older and therefore have more job experience.. . or. . 2) It is based on old ideas that a man has to totally support his family.  Most families, today however, have two working adults.(I think.). . Yes?That is not quite true...dual incomes count as married.... The Tax Foundation - Countdown to Tax Reform, Part I: Not Your Father's Middle Class  . ... and Harriet," the married, single-earner family of ... married couples are simply dual-income. It's easy to see that with two incomes, working couples appear twice as wealthy as single ...www.taxfoundation.org/publications/show/1107.html -They have to.Typically married men are older than bachelors, therefore having more time on the job, or in the industry, or more education...etc.  Married men don't always make more than bachelors do either, every ones situation is different, that's why statistics can potentially be so deceiving.It could be because employers perceive them as more trustworthy and reliable, and because they are not going to quit their jobs because they have a family to support.If I owned a business, I would want to pay bachelors more after I know they are stable. So that might be why...stability. Married men just sound like they are more stable than a bachelor.Because they have a family or spouse to support so they are perceived as needing more money than a bach.
progressive agencies and companies for people that have less than perfect records. for example Progressive insurance companies are for people that have had a D.U.I conviction or have lost there license, there rates progressively get cheaper.what!
A high correlation exists between good study habits and good grades for the courses taken in school.  Effective study habits set the foundation for academic success, which, in turn, leads to a successful life.. . Here are some specifics:. . Skim a unit or a chapter, noting headings, topic sentences, key words, and definitions. This overview will clue you to what you are about to study. As you read a unit or chapter, convert the headings into questions; then seek answers to those questions as you read. If you own the book, use color-marking pens to highlight important ideas: headings, topic sentences, special terms, definitions, and supporting facts. If you don’t own the book, make notes of these important ideas and facts. After you have completed a unit or chapter, review highlighted items (or your notes which contain them). Using the headings stated as questions, see if you can answer those questions based on your reading. Test yourself to see if you can recall definitions of important terms and lists of supporting facts or ideas. . . Hope this helps.Well, there are certain study tricks that can improve test scores.. . I learned in my Psych class last semester that on test days, you should sit in the same seat as you normally sit in class if you have any control of that because the familiarity of the surroundings enhances recall capabilities.. . Also, people who study tend to be more self-confident before a test and therefore do better on tests because they don't second-guess themselves.
It's either a Communist Plot, or what Neha said.cuz they took the same tune & made up 3 different songs to itTwinkle (made up of 2 syllables, sounds like A and B when singing the ABC song), twinkle (sounds like the C and D in the ABC song), little (again has 2 syllables, making it sound like the E and F) star (which is made up of onli a single syllable, sounds like the G while singing the ABC song)...this identical rhyme makes it easier for children to recall their ABC's because by teaching children songs with the same tune, the tune would be drilled into their minds and this tune can then help them in reciting their ABC's.. its quit like when we try to re-sing our fav. songs. we have to say the lyrics in the same tune as tht of the song because that tends to help us with recalling the lyrics of the song...Its all for the small kids.cause they all are meant for children and its easy for them to learn easilyKinda...b'coz it's for children. If they heard one tune like that, they'll easily learn the other.
Not true. I bought a 1967 Pontiac GTO in 1999 that's appreciated 400%.Actually both depreciate, because of ware and tear.  A house built 50 years ago has more maintainance to be done on it then a house built yesterday.  The same is true with cars.  . . However, you cannot buy house by itself.  You must also by land.  Land generally appericiates in value, because there is a limit supply--they are making more it--and each piece is unique.well as far as the car is concerned.. it is because you use that assest and depreciate the value..A house appreciates,because the price of living goes up, demand for houses in your area, plus any work you put into your house makes it worth more. As for cars....the more miles it has, the less it is worth in most cases. Everyday wear and tear you put on your vehicle makes it depreciate.The supply of houses is limited compared to that of cars. Couple that with the fact that the lifespan of a car is significantly less than the lifespan of a house.Real estate is comprised of LAND and ATTACHMENTS to the land.. . The land tends to appreciate as its scarcity increases (IE, if you get land in the suburb and the town grows around it, it becomes more valuable) or as other real estate develops (like you're suddenly next to a shopping mall).. . The attachments to the land add some value, but they might or might not appreciate.Usually the value of a house appreciates, but not always.  . Usually the value of a car depreciates, but not always.. Compared to cars, houses have a very long useful life and have to stay where they are built.  Thus the location plays an important part in value.  If you had access to an Economics wizard, you might find that houses do not appreciat as much as it appears, when factoring in inflation, changes in building style and materials, and so on.. Cars have a relatively short useful life, maybe ten years.  There are way more used cars available for sale than there are buyers.  There is a wholesale value and a retail value to cars.  Dealers buy at wholesale and sell at retail.  There is no wholesale market in houses.  Owners sell directly to buyers.. In both cases the laws of supply and demand apply.  Lots of used cars available, so supply outstrips demand, and prices drop.. With houses, supply is not always greater than demand.  When demand outstrips supply, prices go up.Even with all the skyscrapers, the demand for housing exist.  More people tend to live in bigger houses with life style changing.   While the construction cost's apprection is lower, the land cost spirals up.  Hence an existing house has still demand thus gets a better vallue.(immovable property).    Cars come every year dime a dozen  with improved comfort and safety.  This also is a status symbol and people tend to own newer cars.  Natually older cars do not get better value.(movable property). Ramachandran V.
No sorry never have time like that, lolTechnically a person is not the sperm they were created from, that sperm is only half of their genetic materials.  On another note, sperm on crack swim faster.. that may answer your question! :)lol many a times, but even weirder have you ever looked in the mirror and wondered out of hundereds of thousands of sperms YOU were the quickest? lolYes I sure have. I still wondering how some of them became the quickest. I swear that they would have been the slowest of them all.Never, but thanks to you, there's a new thought floating around in my head to give me the giggles at an incredibly inopportune moment.Honestly no, but that is pretty funny!haha, yes I have!!! I think of all sorts of stuff when I see people.  Some people are just REALLY ugly, and I am always trying to figure out why that is...Haha! You just totally cracked me up man!!i sure have. every time i look at dennis quaid...and then i get really pissed offwhats with that avatar.?  no..neverYour mind works in a very weird way. Perhaps some sperm went astray when you were conceived.No but I have heard that used as a break on someone before.Yes I have, then I really wonder what the others would have been like if that was the best of the lot...Yes, I have. It just goes to prove that there is yet hope for anyone. If we can cause them to tap into what it was that made them a winner in the first place, because they were. The more provoking thought would be what slowed them down? Probably the Similac. . . "Go Breastmilk 4ever!"ROFLMAO. . Yes I have :-)no, but now i will!lolI can honestly say....not one single timenow i do. im happy that i came first. ewww i was a sperm?never. but even if a different one got there first...wouldn't be the same person? Aren't all of the sperm from one person the same?. . ?Some of them were not as quick as me out of the starting gate. I'm older.everybody's a winner!I think I must say "Correction, Grasshopper".. The last thing I read from studies on fertilization, the . Ovum has some CHOICE in which Sperm to take into itself. So speed is not the sole factor. . As usual, women can be very selective about who they date. and mate with, even down to the cellular level .! :-{}man you are the coolest person i have seen dude...... you have so much of knowledge in you and the way of thinking is just gr8.... need to learn a lot from you...Many a time.wow i never thoughh of that until nowNoYou have a very interesting question but I guess it's because they were the most agressive and determined of them lil swimmers!no when I think of their history I tend to not go that far backneverlmoa, well no but i will sure think of it from now on.....Yes, actually. but that was a little harsh lolno i have never thought about that but i guess it is a pretty interesting thought.
Sunlight is believed to affect the production of Endorphins. These hormones play a role in giving us a sense of "well-being" and happiness.  Researchers are also studying the link between lack of sunlight and the affects on melatonin, serotonin and other hormones as well as the lack of sunlight and its affect on the body's circadian rhythms. So, if the lack of sunshine affects these hormones to produce a type of depression, sometimes called Seasonal Affective Disorder, sunshine and the proper exposure to it, would reverse this and allow our bodies to produce these hormones naturally and give use the "happy" feelings.cos the sun is always smilingNo me, I like the darkwell i guess for some people. me.....it makes me very moodyBecause it reduces SAD (seasonal affective disorder) and it is warm and makes us tan and beautiful!the earth's magnetosphere is powered by the sun. when the sunlight hits the ozone, it formulates a feeling that we can use to align ourselves with christ consciousness being tapped on a global scale with what is processed in the center of this planet's iron core that is just heavy enough to make you feel a little different when the skin gets a little more vitamin d than expected.It is bright and warm.. . It also stimulates the production of the happy hormone - Serotonin.. . People who suffer from SAD - seasonal affective disorder, feel depressed during the winter because they have less light.. . In the sun, the good humour of everyone else is infectious. . . In the sun, people take off their clothes!!It provides Vitamin DSunlight induces the body to produce and use more Vitamin D which enhances mood.  The enhanced mood causes us to do things like go out and play and stuff like that which causes more joy and eventually laughter and things like that which cause the body to release endorphins which relieve pain and enhance pleasure.  Oh, and one last thing, in sunlight we are more keenly aware of our suroundings, so we feel more safe and thus happier.Because it gives us a whole variety of things we can do outside instead of inside that are much more fun and enjoyable.
I don't really believe in the "planting of ideas" since when you are hypnotized you are fully aware of what you are doing. It's just helpful in getting the mind to unlock secrets which even the person hypnotized doesn't know. That's how its psychologically linked, because it involves studying of the mind and behavior.It causes the area of the brain that normally works to "sleep" or temporarily "shut down" so the lesser used part of the brain (subconscience)can "wake" up and be used. It helps people who have suppressed memories deal with issues they wouldn't have normally understood.i am not sure but go to this website you may like it i am not you so i am just guessing. www.google.com and type in a vampire asks.it is an old practace-which was adpted by frued--and now a days -it is advertised by magazine and movies--already hypnotized by someoneBecause... Reality bites... and it has gingivitis.... and rabies....and scabies... and crack babies.Freud and his friend from school were the ones that really brought this into psychology i think. They still use it today but its pretty dangerous because therapist can plant ideas into a persons mind while they are hypnotized and completely mess the person up.because is one of the fastests way to go to the uncounsciousPractise make man perfectI think magicians started doing it.Sigmund Freud had a lot to do with things of this related nature. This is when he would "experiment" on his patients and have sex with them.I tried it twice and it never worked for me, or did it? ha ha.
there is no point for us to look our past as a monkey.  considering our PAST will still end up as human , when in the future we will be asking are we once human ?. . if we evolve from now then you'll be asking why were we once human ?We have common ancestor with primates. . We didn't evolve from  FROM monkeys.. .If Christians came from Jews, how come there are still Jews around?we were never monkeys.. the theory of evolution is just a theory...that means a belief that someone can add their own opinion to.... Darwin himself said in his own book about it :"You would have to have more faith to believe my theory ,than faith to believe in God".  Also if that were true..when a species evolves,the old one passes away... there are still plenty of primates living to make that a lie. Plus there are many missing  links....scientists have also determined the skulls that were supposed to be humans,were actually pigs skulls...because we were hairySo easy to forget that trees, vegetation and shrubbery are alive. Who created the vegetation? It feeds on ground water and sunlight. In other words, to say we are descendant from monkeys, then we could say we are descendants from vegetations. After all, an oak tree is aive and vibrant. You cut a tree down, chances are it will grow back. It's tough. Unless you think the so-called single cell created everything from vegetation to animal kingdoms. Don't think so. That's why monkeys hang out in trees. They want to show evolutionists the close bond between the vegetation and animal kingdoms. So if you think your wondering about us and monkeys, you could also wonder about us and vegetation.We (I'm assuming you're talking about humans) were  never monkeys.  Sorry.IF we were once monkey`s. How come monkeys still exist in their original form?. . God bless & hugs from Texas. {:-). <><. . We were NEVER monkey`s..heheh...its only a theory of evolution my dear and not a realityI never was a monkey nor were any of my ancestors!!!!. I do NOT beleive in Darwin's theory.Humans evolved from monkeys.  By then the monkeys had small brains meaning that things that human do today weren't done by monkeys then. Some monkeys went extinct while some remained and others changed and became humans!because we were not human...
How? Smart marketing folks found that there was a market for it. Why? older folks haven't lost their senses of humor...we love Maxine.The sexless older woman is a common theme particularly in humor and greeting cards. Jokes concerning older women usually ascribe to the older woman the following characteristics: she is viewed as lonely, frustrated, and shriveled (Palmore, 1971). Palmore (1971) asserts that these attempts at humor merely reflect real societal attitudes.
It's the travel version of the board game version Monopoly. All the pieces are magnetic along with the board so you can play in a bumpy carA magnetic monopole is a singular (some say imaginary) object having magnetic properties but only either a north or south pole, not both.  In reality this does not exist because the nature of magnetic flux dictates that magnetic forces must complete a circuit to exist, and it takes two poles for the lines of force to complete themselves.  If someone could make a functioning monopole it would be very useful for proplusion, as it would bypass Newtons action/reaction theorums.
because the weather is great therethey go because its a warmer climate. its better for their health. the colder temperatures make them sicker. plus its a great place to just relaxIt's all about warmth and health.  Old people get cold easily and can't get around in snow and cold weather.  Florida affords them heat and sunshine, which actually helps with arthritis.  Plus, it used to be cheap to live in Florida, until housing prices tripled over the past five years.When you're a senior citizen, cold weather becomes much harder (and more dangerous) to live in.  Florida's clement weather is easier to live in.They move to avoid the winters further north.  Cold weather makes their joints ache and makes them stiff.  They simply feel better when they can stay warm.  The hottest new place for retirees is Mexico.It's hot and old people are always cold.Because of the temperature the enviroment the beaches the amusementsbecause it's warm and they want to be with their friends. and then THEIR friends go to be with them. and THEIR friends go with THEM. and on and on and on... its a mass migration of seniors. no im not exactly sure why. maybe it is why they go to florida, but it is less expensive than the northeast, especially CT, so i guess it's easier on their wallets.. . and the heat doesn't help with some other medical conditions, such as m.s. it makes it worse.The warm weather is probably significantly easier on old bones than, say, the mildly cold and definitely wet pacific northwest. Also, just the fact that it has drawn so many retirees likely draws more, because a big population of your own demographic is appealing; there's probably more social etc things in florida catering to an older population than anywhere else, so there's more choice in what to do, where to eat, who to hang out with, where to live, etc etcIf your Jewish....... it's the law.
Mores are the 'morals' which people individually learn to live by. Sociology 'laws' (also known as 'statutory' laws are concocted by lawyers and politicians based on majority decisions and compromises. Neither is necessarily better or worse than the other, just arrived at by different means. One comes from experience, the other from compromise and design.Mores are customs, or traditions that people have, and are rarely written down. Once a more is written down it becomes a law.. Laws are written down.. Breaking a more can get you ostracized by society or your friends.  Breaking a law can get you locked up.Going back about five years from Sociology 101...  I think mores are things that are simply accepted by a society as right and wrong.  Laws are actually formal and are enforced by authorities like government, police, etc.Mores are those things in which a society believes you "should do" - like go to church on Sunday mornings or wear shoes when your outdoors.  But if you don't do these things, although society might frown on you, you will not be arrested for it.. . Laws you already know I'm sure - if you don't follow a society's laws (ie. do not steal), you will be arrested for it.mores are the norms of social behavior that can cause problems in relationships if broken or disrespected, while laws have legal ramifications if broken.mores are the general beliefs, what people think is good or bad in a society and laws are some mores written in words. if u break a more it's not gonna take u to jail, but if u break a law, well u should try it sometimes. is it clear?Mores are social norms, standards that most people live by that aren't exactly written down. Laws are standards that people are MADE to abide by. . . For example, (I think) the law says it's okay for like, second cousins to marry, but with the mores of society, most people simply wouldn't do this.
Why did it take me almost 2 hours wasted on here to get to your question? only one hour...your doing good! get off before your sucked uplol , coz may b u didnt had anything 2 do , or feeling bored like me or may b ur retard  :POptimist.  You are a born optimist!You Read them because I read them and because everyone else reads them...WE DON'T HAVE A LIFE!!!!!i think renee is partially right. but i know i read cus the people that dont honestly know the answers too the stupid questions desperately need help, and i feel that i have the ability to help. or comment. or something that involves making them realize they are or were doing something wrong. or just being nice and answering the question. honestly, the only reason i answered this was becase i was asking the same questionm so i gave myself the answer which i what people need to do. i also dont comment if idk wut im tlkin about on that subjectMaybe you found it to be more interesting then television.the same reason i amBecause they are the greatest questions on this planet and you have been totally captivated by them.two reasons,your bored and very curious.I don't know. I have probley waisted more time than that,but I find  that it is fun.perhaps it is a way to feel connected to other people - or, maybe you're a deadbeat - or maybe in the real world, people don't listen, & you have a belief that in this forum, your opinion will matter.  that could be construed as narcissism, i suppose, but i don't think so....perhaps it's just something different to do.Your looking for something that you haven't found yet. But the problem is you don't know what your looking for. I guess, this applies to 3/4th of netizens. . . Yahoo & Google have made this so easy to find something that we don't know what we are after. But then again, search for the unknown is where lies the challenge and the reason for our search.I think all us on here are really bored.. ?unfortunately this is kinda like myspace you come on here for a specific reason, but before you know it, you've ventured so far from the original purpose that it's been hours
Dog pound, but you would be better hiring a person....  Sorry... I am being obtuseclassifiedstry axelrod and associates
not me, i am more interested in ice cream. Try not to make these hasty generalizations, huh? doesnt sound very smart.Maybe some people kill and then go have ice cream.  Ya know.. the whole "have your cake and eat it too" scenario.  . . I don't know.  I hate violence.There are over 6 billion people to kill, so the fun is endless. . Ice cream on the other hand is rather finite.I really dont think thats the case.... . Why do Europeans love appeasement more than freedom?Have you got this on your mind ? Are you nuts or on the way?.   Most people do not think this way!!!!!!Are you an expert on Americans? Obviously not.I, for one, much prefer ice cream.  Or really any dessert item.For the same reason you ask stupid questions: satisfaction.UMMM,  First what flavor are we talking about???Not true.  There are many more ice cream consumers than there are murderers.  Ask Dairy Queen.What are you talking about?  The only thing that I kill off is Ice Cream.  Are you passing jugment because of the war???  Wow, that's origional.  Humm, I suppose I should feel bad, but I don't....
Hold your head up, keep eye contact with people, Smile a lot, speak confidently.  Don't seem to easily scared or flustered.body language has a lot to do with it.  people can pick up on you confiedence level just by the way you walk, make eye contact, etc.body languageStand naked on a street corner in an unyielding Superman pose (and a nice big smile).relax, be at eased...enjoy your time wherever you are.. don't be afraid to smile or laugh. know, IN YOUR HEART, that you are just as special as everyone else is (smile)Being confident shines outward to others and if you feel you have to show it because you have an agenda (like getting women to notice you) you are not as confident as you would like to be...being good at something and teaching others are some ways of showing that you are confident. Also, having humility and grace under fire displays to others that you are not easily shaken. Being able to show empathy and compassion to people in difficult situations shows you have emotional stability. Just walk "to the beat of your own drummer" and believe in yourself, it will show. (smile)look ahead when you walk, stand up straight!!  speak loud and clear.  never cower down!!maybe by doing something your not used to like ask a really hot girl outGreat posture and making eye contact with everyone shows immediate confidence in one's self.  Are the girls at bars sitting slouched in corners the ones getting the attention? I think not.u can directly show ur confidence.. . It is ur property.
The Philippines was named in honor of Philip II, the King of Spain, in the second half of the sixteenth century. Felipinas, the Spanish word for the Philippines, was first used in 1543 by the Spanish explorer, Ruy Lopez de Villalobos, to refer to the islands of Samar and Leyte, but later on it was applied to the entire archipelago. Since then the islands have dazzled and inspired colonizers and visitors, who have coined various titles and passages to capture its mysticism and beauty. A Spanish missionary called the Philippines the "Pearl of the Orient Sea", a title which was in turn popularized by Apolinario Mabini and Dr. Jose P. Rizal, the country's national hero, in their revolutionary writings in the late nineteenth century.Because it lies in the cusp of South East Asia, the Philippines is known as. the “Pearl of the Orient”.You really should do your own homework, not rely on others to do it for you! i suggest you listen more in class.because of it's beautybecause of its location..for import export trade and also for global positioning...it is used as a base for most countries
it's spurred by an honest admiration of the other sex, a feeling of inadequacy when it comes to your own body...in terms of gender, not features. Really, it's a feeling like you're stuck in the wrong body.It's an emotional response to socialogical pressures.first of all the whole idea is: ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. . second of all to answer your question: because they get reject by their gender peersIsn't an "urge" an unexplained desire for something?Their brain is telling them they are the opposite sex.
Ogopogo is a mythical monster that is supposed to live in Lake Okanagan, British Columbia, Canada.  Similar to the Lock Ness monster.  I believe that it is just a very large sturgeon fish.A plesiosaur stuck in Lake Okanagan .damn. there's another prehist animal in canadian lake land?  that makes two right?  Champie in Lake Champlain still counts right?Canada's most famous water monster is Ogopogo of Lake Okanagan in the south central interior of British ColumbiaA 'mythical' creature said to livin Okanagan lake in south central British Columbia.. .   He's supposedly 50 to 80 feet long with a 'horse-like' head and a serpentine body and has been a legend for people who live around the lake for hundreds of years.Lake monster! Run! Well, *swim*, i guess...... . For more information on Ogopogo and other lake monsters, check out the following site:. . http://theshadowlands.net/serpent.htmwasnt that like a sort of loch ness monster but in canada somewhereOgopogo is a legendary sea monster which is supposed to live in  Lake Okanagan which runs for 80 miles from Vernon to Penticton in  the fruit belt of southern B.C., Canada. People have reported many sightings of it and there are several pictures of the sightings. I lived in Vernon B.C. three years ago and a team of scientists from  ( I think ) Japan were were living on a boat on the lake doing research and hoping to catch some film footage of Ogopogo.  Some believe that it really does exist and may be a mutation of some large fish species or a creature that has not fully evolved from the prehistoric days. People travel to the area from around the world hoping to catch a glimpse of it.  I added some web sites that might interest to you.  The first site in the list is photo's of ogopogo. Hope you enjoy them.. . http://images.google.ca/images?q=Ogopogo&hl=en&lr=&sa=X&oi=images&ct=title. . http://www.tourcanada.com/ogopogo.htm. . http://www.vtours.com/kelowna/ogopogo.htm. . http://collections.ic.gc.ca/ogopogo/. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ogopogo. . http://collections.ic.gc.ca/ogopogo/legend/legend.html
The term "post-feminist" was first used to differentiate between the period of rapid, feminist social change that happened in the late '60s and early '70s (during what was called the 'second wave' of the women's movement) and the backlash that emerged against it in the early 1980s.  It can also be used to refer to women who believe in feminist principles but do not identify as feminist.  Many women think "feminism is dead," and "post-feminism" can refer to that idea, as well.I think it's the realization that we lost the war between the sexes.  We lost our culture our language and our customs and took those of the male.  We gained the right to do an equal days work for 70% pay and then go home and do the our traditional female work.Feminism was the idea, at the time, that a woman was every bit as valid as a man and should have exactly the same rights and privaleges.  It was often marked by rebelling against ANYTHING feminine, at the time.. . Post Feminisim is the idea that you can be valid and equal AND feminine if thats what you want.  Being "girly" doesnt cancel your validity.It's something that used as breakfast.After feminism.  What feminism has evolved into after the big push for equality (bra-burning, ERA, etc) in the 60's and 70's and 80's.  Wondering if behaving just like men and having full time jobs is really the best option for women.  Wondering what to do with the equality.  Wondering what real equality looks like.  It's a little more relaxed, i think.I think its the era after renewal of female awearness.
It means your mind is creating a mental image of a place you want to be. So whenever you dream your mind takes you to this place over and over again.Each and every dream has a specific meaning. If the dreams are happening in the same place, that particular place may be the place where you were living in your teen age - or the place where you attained puberty. It could even be the place where an emotional happening took place - lke the death of a near/dear - or something like that. What you see in your dream is important. If the dreaming is happening between 3 am and 4.30 am - it is more likely to happen in real life.i have really strange dreams.  when school got out this summer, i always had dreams about school!Not to insult the others that responded to this, but this is the truly scientific answer: The environment in which the action of the dream takes place signifies the background of experience that supports the situation dealt with in the foreground. . . But in your case, since the setting is what remains in every dream, that is what your subconscious is trying to bring to your attention. It is almost like a recurring dream, except that instead of the action being the same every time, it is the background. If you can try to pinpoint the emotion that the setting evokes in you, you'll probably realize what issue in your life your subconscious mind is trying to make you aware of.here's a web site http://www.dreammoods.com/ dreams are your self conionse telling your self a message or something like that!Hmm... multiple dreams of the same or similar location. Could be multiple things going on here. The location could very well represent a particular relationship you are in during your waking hours and the activities may represent various solutions to potential problems in that relationship. Either or neither of these dream representations may or may not be  precisely an actuality you experience in your waking hours. However, the correlating symbology might give you some sort of insight into the experience.location of the dreams could mean you are in lack of security.  You always want to stay in that place even in your dream.
The water is cooler than the fire and keeps the plastic of the cup cool.  The plastic won't melt until it reaches the temperature of the fire.if the melting point of the cup, is more than 212 degrees f.  the water will keep the cup cool enough not to melt, because the . water won't get more than 212 degrees....because the heat is being transferred to the water. it will eventually melt, but the water is still taking in that energy.
You use sign language. They open there palm, and you sign by pressing your hand into thier palm. Once they learn sign language they can communicate just as easily as us.Watch the movie and take notes.First, it's VERY offensive to call the deaf-blind, deaf, dumb, & blind.. . Second, you can use the The Deaf-blind Manual Alphabet, Hands On Signing (the deaf-blind person cups his or her hands over the signer to feel the shape and movement), and of course Braille.TouchMany people do it through Touch and allowing them to Touch/Smell.Mental telepathyHK was not dumb.
what? . Is this a "help me with my engineering job project or thesis before I get the boot" question?what the hell does that even mean?!!!Humans are strong. We are changing at a rapid rate thanks to technology. The question is, will we grow so strong that we consume everything? The human race will survive, as long as those who have power are responsible and do not nuke the world to hell. We have the powers of the Gods now- the nuclear weapon. Humans are not Gods, and trying to play God is what will result in our demise. Life is in the hands of our leaders now.... . This is not a good thing.Many RAID units (Redundant Array of Independent. Disks).... . http://www.sun.com/storagetek/disk_systems/data_center/The function of a data storage center is to store data, it can be electronic data or physical file data.  Examples of companies in the U.S. would be Iron Mountain.  A data center attached to one of the large universities is approximately 10,000 sq feet.  If you are going to do physical paper storage of information that cannot be destroyed but is classified in nature then you will need even larger facilities, money for security clearances to handle the information and money for a security system/personnel to guard the information which is what people pay you to do.  With electronic data it will be a huge technology expense to find systems that can hold large amounts of data but also a back up system in case that system fails.  Will you use data tapes, or store everything electronically which as an article posted recently says takes up LOADS of power just to keep running and without the design of new efficient computers that don't require a large size to store the data it is a HUGE financial and physical undertaking.  If you go to google.com under images you will see tons of flow charts, pictures of buildings and other conceptual designs.  Hope this helps.I think that you asking wrong people about this or you just have a though that you knows or idea that come with. You should talk to people who knows about this and it will help better. Asking us sure not helping becasue your words, thoughs, etc. sure not match us to answer your questions.search for "Amazon.com jungle disk" and you will see an example of a data storage center in business.  It will probably make existing data storage centers obsolete.  And if you talk to those people or read papers about its design, that will give you an example of a good data storage center on the cutting edge.Try asking google.  That's their specialty.  And I'd say they're one of the best.. . Anyway, you sound like you're just doing your homework.  Try asking whoever gave you that homework some thing like "What type of data will I store?"  Or "how much data do we intend to store?"  Hell, like some other guy above said, that could be anything from file cabinets to mainframes and databases.  Your own PC could be a data storage center.  Or even your brains, though I sometimes doubt the reliability and integrity of stored data when stored and processed in something as volatile as the human brain.GOOGLEYou sound like you want to redisgn a super computer or something.  Go talk to a large corporation manager. They'll be able to give you some insight as to what your question is and about. They'll mention and tell you what a main frame computer is. As a matter of fact this main frame computer thing still is in existence today, and companies like IBM still use them on a regular basis. But when yo go talk to an owner of a smll business firm, he'll tell you he is using some file cabinets to hold important datum.
demand satisfaction all the time . . thanks. . ssThe first question is ask is why you feel the need to be defensive when interacting with others. To be assertive, you need to say what you mean- exactly what you mean- without adding emotion. In other words, if someone were to say "why did you do this thing" you might become defensive if you take the question as a threat to your judgement, but you would be able to answer assertively if you say "I did it because at the time, I felt it was the best course of action".  Most people who are assertive are able to listen to the words with their ears, not with their emotions. Someone told me once that they really wanted to discuss a problem with their friend, but they couldn't because the friend had told them that to do this thing would be a bad idea and yet she did it anyway, and that's what caused this problem. She said she just knew the friend would say "I told you so", and my question was- she did tell you so, and you made a decision to do it anyway, so simply say- yes, and I wish I had listened to you but I made this decision. Can we talk? When she did that, she and her friend were able to discuss the matter rationally. Hope this helps.say things you need to be assertive with, with a sense of humor.. . so that way you dont come off as rude, but still get your point across :)Being defensive is more commonly associated with non-assertiveness. It is a response to a perceived threat. Non-assertion implies a lack of respect for oneself. Aggressive behavior implies a lack of respect for others. Assertive behavior is predicated on respect for oneself and others.. Keep practicing being assertive and you may see a decrease in defensiveness. Be open to confidence building experiences and avoid people who attempt to remediate their feelings of inadequacy by belittling others. . It can help to practice your assertiveness with someone who is also interested in learning how to be more assertive. You need the validation of accurate feedback. Validation reduces defensiveness.Being assertive and being defensive are pretty much polar opposites.. . You can be more assertive by simply asking for / telling people what you need / want.  It sounds simple but a LOT of people have a lot of time expressing their desires.. . As for defensiveness – being defensive is simply when you are trying to defend your self from the views and actions of others.  One way to stop doing that is to stop arguing and disagreeing with people.  Try to never tell any one that they are wrong – simply state your beliefs.  It sounds cheesy – but use “I” statements a lot, and try not to use the word “NO.”  So when some one says “Your a JERK.”  You say – “I am sorry you feel that way.”  A defensive person will say “NO I’m NOT – YOUR the JERK, JERK!”  Or when some one says “George Bush is the greatest president EVER.”  You say – “I tend to think that any president who advocates the use of torture, and violates the constitution he is sworn to protect by illegally wire tapping Americans, and takes the country to war under false pretenses, and who tries to legislate his own draconian morality cannot very well be describes as a good president.”  A defensive person would say “No he is NOT!!!  W. is a LOOOOOOSER...”Assetiveness is making suggestions without implying what another person is doing is wrong.It's aggressive when you attack their beliefs or ideas.good question. just dont take things the wrong way, and recgonize when someone is trying to take advantage of yuou. tell them in a nice way u are not interested, and try to get them to understand. most o it may b your thoughts not whats really happening.Geez, another assertive person.  Just what the world needs,  one more asshole.   Thanks a lot.Don't speak too loud, try to smile a little and try to relax your body.  I suppose you're a shy person, so just be yourself but speak out if you need to.  With practice, you will not be defensive but just assertive.  Be patient with yourself but don't give up.  Good luck!
people tend to categorize things to make their lives less complicated.  It's wrong, naive, and plain stupid but that's human nature for you.  If you really think about it I'm sure you do it with some things.u should ask this question from those peoples ....but im not from one of them...there r gud n bad everywhere ...among every nation and every gender....agreeIts easier for (some) ppl to make wide-spread generalizations so they get everyones attention.Or they are just sexist or racist and actually think that all of that category is like that. I know what you mean, you see it all the time on this site, but what can you do? I'm pretty sure it wont stop, its been around too long. It just easier for (some) people.
Temperature is a scientific measurement.  Heat is the human experience of how we experience that temperature.temperature can be hot or cold where as heat is only hotHeat is basically a form of energy.  Temperature is a measurement of how much heat energy there is.What J.D. said .... . It's like the difference between 'Distance' and a 'Ruler'.You can feel heat.. Temperature is a measurement.The end of a blowtorch has a very high temperature but does not generate a lot of heat. 50 people running on treadmills does not produce a very high temperature but does produce a lot of heat. Heat is a type of energy and temperature is a measurement.Heat is the total (kinetic) energy of an object. Temperature is the average kinetic energy of the component molecules. So, a bathtub full of water can have more total energy than a lit match, without burning you.. . . And how is this under psychology?. It has to do with basic Physics- definitions.Heat is the energy that's in matter. It's the state of excitement of atoms- less excitement, less heat. No energy at all is absolute zero, which has never been reached but we've measured very close to it. Temperature is how much energy is present at any given moment. Various scales have been devised to represent temperature: Farenheit, Celsius, Rankin, Kelvin. Like dark is the absence of light, cold is the absence of heat. That's why we measure light and heat and intelligence, not darkness and coldness and ignorance because they are not things.
I'm not exactly sure of the relative position of the sun and earth during the seasons but I can answer your question. The answer is: because it has no choice. All the bodies in our solar system are in a state of balance and are in a position at any given moment that maintains that balance. Our (human) technology is not advanced enough to measure the efficiency of the balance that exists in our system or the universe. We can only hope it continues for as long as we want to live.I believe the Earth is actually nearer the Sun during winter in the northern hemisphere. The seasons are created by the tilt of the Earths axis rather than its distance from the sun.Lostinlove you are completelly wrong.... In reality it is true that in summer earth is closer to the sun because earths circle around the sun is not completelly circural but an ellipse.Wrong.  The sun is closer to the earth in the winter and farther away in the summer. The rays in the summer hit directly on the earth and thats why it is so hot. In the winter the rays bounce off the moon before hitting the earth which makes it colder even though it is closer.because it is winter out thereIt is only the 23 degree angle in the planets rotation that gives us seasonal changes. In a way the top and bottom parts of the earth are at times further away or closer to the sun depending on season. That's why summer in the northern hemisphere is winter in the southern hemisphere and vice versa. If the earth had no 23 degree tip there would be no real seasons to speak of.No, the earth is tilted.. It is winter in the top half when it is summer in the bottom half.. . I cannot believe all the wrong answers here.. In Australia it is now winter. Here in Texas it is hot and summer.. In December it will be reversed.. . It is true that the rotation around the sun is not a perfect circle but that is not what causes the change in seasons.. . See the diagram below.It depends on the tilt of the Earth.  The part that is tilted closer to the sun is summer and the other half is winter.  Then it tilts the other way and it becomes reversed.
God created "Elements" first.Three elements carbon,hydrogen,and oxygen interacted to produce "Organic matter" next.More complex organic matter came next.A "single cell" came next.It was totipotent (capable of producing-like a STEM CELL- anything).Egg is one such "Big cell".Egg produced both a male anf female version of "chicken".(as twins).If chicken came first where is the question of having an egg without a partner of opposite sex?Nah--lots of creatures can lay eggs--fish, reptiles, amphibians, other birds, monotremes, insects, arachnids, crustaceans.  Even regular mammals have eggs, though they do all their growing within the body.. . And some of these creatures were laying eggs long before there were chickens, so that question's really rather easy.you have just encountered the PARADOX. this is the very root of phylosophy. so which came first, the chicken or the egg? well the egg answer isbacked by an apparently compelling principle: every chicken comes from an egg. the trouble is that there is an equally compelling principle supporting the opposite answer: every egg comes from a chicken. the riddle of the chicken and the egg rests on a false presuppostion. niether came first because each chicken comes from anegg and each egg comes from a chicken. chickens have only been around for a finite amount of time, therefore eggs must have preceeded chickens or vice versa. EGGS NEED TO BE HATCHED, AND CHICKS NEED TO BE REARED, THEREFORE SOME NONCHICKEN MUST HAVE SERVED AS A PARENT. CONSEQUENTLY, THERE WAS A CHICKEN EGG BEFORE THERE WERE ANY ADULT CHICKENS. HAThere were eggs long before there were chickens.Columbus may have the answerI think the egg came first because there is no way to form a chicken unless it has been concieved and has hatched from an egg. I dunno what put the egg there (God perhaps), but I think the egg was created first.The egg, or zygote came first. we all come from single celled organisms from the sea, they are in fact mostly resembled to the eggAll existence came from the cosmic egg. The egg has to be the first.well, I guess the answer would have to be the egg. The creature that laid the egg would not have been a chicken but something very genetically simular. The first chicken(s) would have had to have been a mutation from the original parents.Perhaps it was the question that came first.
LOLOLOL yeah, me too.. . they could make me cheeseburgers.... . oh wait!. they already do.Cause All men & Women are created Equal no matter what there race or background is....if I'm not Mistaking it says that in the Bill of Right...also in the Dec of Independence..to please the british so the would recognize and trade with the unionha! ha! ha! ha! ha! aha! ha! ha! lol lol lol lol lol. . Don't be hatin' ha! ha!  People wanna git paid ha! ha! ha!. . Oh by the way I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing AT YOU!!Cause Lincoln needed a better cause to fight the South than "oh wait - you can't secede from us - we need your agricultural industry!". But in all honesty - the U.S. was being hecka lame by still having slaves about ...Hey Kramer...don't wish for extinction for this mo.  Wish him slavery!Thats just plain wrong.  I can't believe you asked that and THEN added 'I'd like to own a few.' I thank GOD slavery is gone in the USA, but pray that it will be a world wide thing.  You have NO idea what they endured.  As a history expert, I can say it wasn't pretty.  I think you were born in the wrong time.  Go back to the pre Civil War and live in the South if you want to have slaves bad enough.  Jeez, that was so wrong.Slavery is a savage act and we as a world are evolving. We understand Dinosaurs like you still exist but you will be extinct one day.Why don't you G.F.Y. ?  This is a bullshit queston.  Try being a slave for someone else and see how you like being abused!  A--H--e!because its evil ?!so that people like you who have that sort of mentality dont get away with itBecause a man can not "own" another man.  What: you can't do your own work?  You need to check your morals.  Slaves were treated inhumanely, no dignity, and just down right immoral.  They are HUMANS not animals.Humm.. It's unethical...Because all are humans.i hear its not totally gone. maybe you will be one someday with that attitude u freak.I like your name.  I'm so gonna party with you this weekend.To stop human opression.
Most of the Indian farmers are small farmers and they work in the fields along with other hired farm labourers.Still the tilling of the soil is done by engaging the bulls/buffaloes.Indian farmers hardly get any remuneration worth the name and mostly are indebted to the banks/lenders.They dont have any federation to fight for fair prices .. American farmers have vast lands and manage with sprinklers etc and most of the operatrions are mechanised. They live in comfort.. I hope you got the picture now!!!!!It is worlds and generations apart. If you have not seen both lifestyles then you can not begin to comprehend the differences. .  The Indian government and many regressive farm groups in India work very hard to keep the Indian farmers at the subsistence level.  There is so much criticism of anything American that people blindly do anything to avoid change that will improve their lives.both are too hard of a jobNo comparison. The socio-economic environment are totally different, hence there can not be any basis for comparison. But if you want to have a feel better go and stay with them at their respective places.thanks for the 2 pointsOne is in the United States and the other is in Indianot much they both live off the land andplant by the placements of the planets and they live the way id like
Millions of years ago, the deserrts were lush forests. Global warming throught time made the deserts whnat they are today.No!!!. . The evolution turned the forests into desertsim guessing when i say the desert used to be all water but it dried upI'm sorry but your call can't be completed at this time. . Please try your call again.
I don't think you can. The state operates the foster care system in every state I have lived in.dont really want kids
The exponential growth of technology is an effect of technology itself. The invention of the wheel had plenty of side effects but only to the extent that other technologies were available to apply it to. Today, almost any technological advancement has hundreds of possible applications, from toys to computers.Writing... and then the Printing Press!!Technological development has become cumulative. Perhaps the most important factors leading to this development are writing and improved mobility. Writing allowed technological developments to be recorded and this greatly facilitated development, by making it unnecessary to re-invent things that have already been invented. And increased mobility meant that different cultures could share and build on the technological advances made by others.You mean 400 years, unless you count China.  Religious repression, superstition, a few plagues and Barbarian hordes...  it-shay appens-hay.When talking about "humans," most equate that with Homo sapiens--the latest phase of human evolution.  Homo Sapiens have actually been around between 200,000-250,000 years not 120,000.   It took us a long while to migrate out of Africa moving into Europe and Asia in small groups just 40,000 years ago.  At this point, we were still butting heads with Neanderthals for dominance.  Then a significant glacial age occurred around 12,000 years ago.  It was during that age that we began clustering in larger groups allowing for specialization of work which really helped us come out of the glacial age in good shape compared to the Neanderthals.  After we eradicated our competition, we took our large groups and proceeded to become decent farmers, not only providing for the entire group but with surplus to boot.  So this leads to trading (local economy) and full-fledged cities and eventually wars and countries and more wars.  So 8,000 years of these machinations and you finally get some calm periods (maybe 300 years here, 400 years there) and people start doing some real neat things.  Don't forget, written language is estimated to be only about 5,000 years old.  It took awhile for enough people to become educated well enough to be able to properly communicate abstract concepts and ideas.  A lot of credit for getting the ball rolling has to go to the Greeks given their contributions to literature, science and philosophy.  And after the Enlightment in the 18th century,  the pace of technological development really went exponential.  To wit, the number of scientific discoveries made over the past 100 years is greater than ALL previous scientific discoveries spanning thousands of years.  In keeping with this exponential growth rate (for better or worse), the scientific discoveries over the next 50 years will easily outstrip all the discoveries in existence today.  The more you have, the more you can do.. . And if all of what I just wrote isn't valid (albeit a Reader's Digest version),  then I'd go for...alien intervention being the reason...or, wait, how 'bout "young earth creationism"?  Hmmm?I think what your saying is if the technology lasts for only a short peirod of time.  Because if you look at the time scale, the precambrian time was the longest following the dinosaurs which is the second longest and then the tertiary period.  humans have been on the earth for a short period of time and technology was very primitive and I mean primitive.  The paleolithic revolution used stone tools and the neolithic revolution used metal.  it time things arent as complex because most of the tools were meant for agriculture and then for economic uses.WheatiesIt was bound to happen sooner or later.
To pacify themselves.. They even do it in the womb, probably because their hands are in front of their face, and of course babies like to suck.For comfort, and when they are teething to press on their gums.Its a way of self sothing, to make them happy when they're sad, and occupied when they're bored.Why do adults smoke cigarettes? No matter how old you are you need some form of comforting...there is a stage in childhood called the oral stage. In this stage children need to be breast fed. If they are not, or if they are not breastfed enough they resort to oral stimulation which is thumb sucking.. later in adulthood this manifests itself in smoking, pencil bitting, nail bitting and the like.. i hope this shed a light to your question... good luckcomfort
You can go on being single and still love . . Are you trying to say that you can't love unless you are married?You don't have to.love is just a joke.Because our heart always belong to someone else,even though it oursGood question, Some people should take you advise.you can go on single as much as you wish and still love them allYou must be a pretty little thing just into your teens. At this time one does and should also feel that he is the first thinker . Those preceding him were all pulled by their noses by blindly accepted ways of life.The straighforward answer to your query is that there is absolutely no objection too live life in single blessedness provided one could. And pdople have also did.. . That is the position and apparently further answering your question must stop at this point.The difficulty is that not all people are able to lead a solitary life. They crave for company. It is not necessarily for  sex though there is nothing intrincially wrong if one desired it for that purpose. And many do.Though this does not necesssarily mean that one need to enter into a social contract,say marriage, for this. One could as well have a live-in  relationship.Unless care is t aen to avoid pregnancy the incoming traffic needs to be regulated .EVen though a single mother or father can and do rig up children the lack of familial atmosphere sometimes stunts their growth again dissuading from leading a singleton life.. . So if you can really do it by all means go and lead a life as a single individual.You don't. People are all different with different needs. But basically, I think everyone needs love in some form. Some people have a need to be in a relationship with somebody..anybody..rather than live alone. They bounce around a lot. This extreme isn't necessarily good either. Some people are content to wait and see if the right person comes along. You don't have to be actively hunting all the time. . . The main thing is to be honest with yourself. What is it you really want? Don't give up simply because it doesn't seem to be coming your way. Maybe you're just not looking in the right places for the right type of person. If you keep having problems, maybe you need to reevaluate the type of person that attracts you. Gas and Fire will never go together no matter how many times you try. . . If you simply aren't interested in a relationship, then don't feel pressured to be in one. You have a right to control your life and seek  your own happiness.That's true. But most of the people believe that they have a soul mate somewhere in the world so they want to find it before their lives'd be over.. Actually, I find myself fine living single because :. . you don't have to care about the other person, just yourself. It sounds selfish but sharing money etc... sometimes it becomes irritable and not hand-able.. then, we always say, "just love yourself and blah  blah blah", but love ourselves I find it enough. Ok maybe, you can't make love or some other stuff you do when you have a partner but no need for that, right?. Moreover, if you need to talk to someone, you just talk to your friends, friends are for that, sharing, laughing and so on... if it's just some affection you need from the opposite sex or the same sex, just go ahead and get someone to do it, or just stay at home and keep masturbating ^^... well hope I answered you ;)
I always do too. It is a habit with me though since I used to be a call girl. We hookers used to say all the time, "Tricks ain't got no faces".D*** envy ...or maybe youre gay....evedently your mind is there..its OK i have a problem looking at breasts alot its sex, its naturalMaybe you wonder what's inside the pup tentyou're a fuxin fagggot.bwell if r a girl thn go ahead if boys n look at breast 4 hrs n hrs thn why nt u look at thr crouches n pass coments if u r a guy well just chk it out dude u cud hv sm probssshahah thats funny dont worry i think many ppoepl   are like that theyre just curious and in awe just like  men are of ur boobs. itsok but still that doesnt mean go around and stare at em all da long cause for most people whteres not m,uch to see. and it would definitely be a mistake to stare down there...its prrretty obvious!!!! just focus on his face and all with go wellPeople look at my crotch all the time. But then again , i'm not wearing anything to hold me in place, so i'm sure they notice the swinging from knee to knee.  I would not worry about it, I look at croches myself, just dont stare, just glance when they and everyone else is not looking.are you gay per chance?If your a guy then your possibly a homosexual, and if your a girl it could be because of your hormones, maybe you hit puberty.You just might enjoy it.  And I see nothing wrong with that.
national park is basically a park, biosphere reserve is a place for endanger speices and plantsnational park aims at protection of all forms of life where as the bioshepre reserve aims at the botonical area of biology. moreover in a national park human activities are allowed to some extend as are not in a biosphere reserve
Usually it has to do with what state of sleep you are in once you have woken up.  If you are awaken and your not in REM sleep at the time, you will usually not remember them at all.  People go through 4-6 REM sleep cycles a night, generally speaking of course.Cause they don't really want to remember. . I have a dream diary, and the first thing I do when I wake up, is write all the things I remember.. . If they make an effort to remember, trust me they willsometimes when you sleep the only thing to remember is the ending of the dream.its hard to think of the beggining of the dream  if it was long
Another racist question?? I have seen black drivers in vans just as crazy!!. Hope this helps??Its part of the job specification!there r few reasons .. i am a van driver myself. 1. traffic , jams , signals , lady drivers,trafic wardens  make us mad on road. 2. boss want to finish the job a.s.a.p. 3.we can go 2 home as soon as we can finish the job. main reason ...we got stuff 2 drop in 20 shop 18 shop keeper really pissed me off , always complaining in this hot weather.     just try ur self as white van driver for one day u 'll get me wat i mean fellacos they are chavsProbably morons are just drawn towards vans as they can make more of a bloody nuisance of themselves with a larger vehicle.. . Round our way men in Fife Council vans seem to be the worst offenders.dont know but iv'e been married to a white van driver for years and he's the kindest person i have ever known and he drives great..Nice!  What about new drivers, boy (and girl) racers, old people, women on the "school run", etc?  I think to say White Van drivers are bad drivers, is a bit simplistic!because the white vans belong to someone elsehurry and poorly paid job, nahhhmost vans are white. most vans are commercial vehicles. commercial vehicles are usually on some kind of schedule. hence they probably drive too fast.. . how do I know? I drive a commercial white van.tell me about it. pain in the asses. . . and its not only them its cab drivers as well, i was nearly run over by one yesterday whilst at a pelican crossing.. . People are so impatient todaybecause it cost them naff all. most are company owned, so they drive like bloody nutters!!!!Because they can't get proper jobs.White means calm, and gives the impression of happiness and patience, they aren't alot worse than any one else, its just as you dont expect somthing so positive can be at all negative, so it makes it seem worse.Because they are on the road to nowhere.. . If I was that thick I'd be pretty angry at the world too for dealing me such a crap hand.
no. spend more time in your mothers basement on your computer.oh what i would like to do to the antibody....i think she meant "anti social" not auntie coz it is pronounced that way...it's commonly mispronounced by some as "an tie"  or "an tay" but its wrong!I think that they meant that you were "anti-social."Well i will have to agree with the 1st two answers. Though offcourse if this incident happened in India, u dont hav to worry much, bcuz everyone calls each other aunties and uncles and wht not in India. Doesnt matter if ur related or not.lmao they are not getting it. he he any way i did. may be it could be on your dad's side of the family. aunty wanna bee.Obviously, you should cry, "Uncle!".
because a shaved head is sexy and it feels good to our touch. Especially during.. oh... oop... lol!! Love the shaved head!If you have women wanting to rub your head that's a good thing. Not all men can have a shaved head, it's a sexy thing.It is very rare to be able to rub a shaved head and most women know that they will Never willingly shave their own heads so it is something they will never know first hand.  I think it is like men with breasts...men don't have them so they want to touch ours.. Women will never have a shaved head so they want to touch yours.Women by nature are more affectionate. Although some of the answers go back to sexual conotations, I do not believe that is the case. It is just a nice feel and you cannot mess up your hair. It is just simply of expression of their affection or liking towards you.Because it looks cute...Because its sexy & similar to rubbing the head of a penisBecause it's not often we get a shaved head to rub.  Usually it's covered with hair.  And the skin is so soft.it feels good doesn't it? So don't ask why, just enjoy it!i hate bold or shaved heads...i need to have some thick but short hair!Just cuz...... :)if you have a shaved head then why do you have hair on your avatar???because it feels like their legs and they like that feeling. of smooth
if it's rainy i dont want to get out the bed... or even when it's cloudy and dark. but when it's sunny and bright outside i wanna go outside and enjoy it.  it's a motivation to wake up.noWhen it gets cloudy I feel a very tired and drained mood. When it gets really windy during a bad thunder/lightening/hail type storm, I get super paranoid! The wind triggers a panic response in my brain, but I don't know why! It can be POURING down straight rain with thunder & lightening and I am fine - not scared. BUT as soon as the wind kicks up and starts blowing hard I am very nervous. Something about the wind really gets me...if its sunny i wake up happy and jump out of bed and if its cold i lie there wishing it was night again and constantly pressing the snooze button on my alarmI love storms. . especially thunderstorms. . and when it's baking hot like this I'm happy because of the cloudless skies but I prefer to stay inside. . I keep a tropical schedule . . and when it cools down a bit I like to go to the riverbank and watch the ships or go to the beach. . If it's snowing I'm delighted. . if the days are grey I count them till they're over. . er, any more?OOOhhhhh ***YES*** the more sunshine the better mood.....definately ....."SUNSHINE ON MY SHOULDERS MAKES ME HAPPY" etc etc !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I get really cranky in hot weather. summer is the worst! When it is cool and breezy, it makes me feel happy. It will be interesting to see some of the answers on this one! I have always been curious about this myself.If It's rainy I'm more likely to be irritated because I hate getting wet! I'm Happy when it's warm I love sleeping a hot car with the windows rolled up! It gets so hot and relaxes me!I went to Texas a few years back, having never been to another country, I'm orignally from Northern Ireland where it rains constantly not to mention the troubles, but when I went to Texas where it's always sunny and hot, I noticed people where much happier and less reserved that the people back home. So yes maybe.in winter i get upset really easily, i lack motivation and the dark and the cold makes me feel low and isolated...then in the summer im on a high and really full of life and cheerful. . i wonder whether it is to do with association...as in darkness is associated withbad things and light good...or whether it is more to do with hormones or the like?Sunny is more upbeat. But cloudy and rainy can be comforting if your stuck inside with hot cocoa. I find the short days of winter to be very depressing, long term. And the stifling hot heat waves in summer make me physically ill. So I guess there's no pat answer.Ever hear of cabin fever,?The Winter blahs,Rainy day blues. Sunshine or lack of it does effect the human psyche........Cloudy rainy days I feel like I can't wake up all daysunny then happy?. rainy then sad?. nahhh. normally my mood decides the weather LOL jkjkSunny days bug me, but I am highly motivated and get things done.  Rainy days are comforting to me and I'm pretty mellow on those days.  I hate wind.hot weather makes me more horny!!Weather doesnt effect my mood generally, but that is not so for many. . . Seasonal affective disorder  - Some people suffer from symptoms of depression during the winter months, with symptoms subsiding during the spring and summer months. This may be a sign of Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD). SAD is a mood disorder associated with depression episodes and related to seasonal variations of light. . Possible Cause of this Disorder. . Melatonin, a sleep-related hormone secreted by the pineal gland in the brain, has been linked to SAD. This hormone, which may cause symptoms of depression, is produced at increased levels in the dark. Therefore, when the days are shorter and darker the production of this hormone increases.my favourite weather is cold and sunny, like a crisp autumn morning,,, i cannot stand the heat, i get bad tempered, irritiable and tired, i just do not want to do anything. the rain is ok if im indoors with the fire on and a black and white film on the telly. i used to like the wind but now i find i get irritated trying to walk somewhere when its windy. i love thunder and lightening, really dramatic. . i like a sea breeze and i reckon i can also smell christmas and winter coming because its my favourite time of year, but im not sure if thats trueSunny weather makes me feel carefree and motivated, cloudy weather makes me feel sort of mellow and drab. Check out SAD Seasonal Affect Disorder if you have a question regarding depression because of the weather. There are studies that show people who reside in cloudier climate weather have higher melatonin levels and have more depression cases in these areas.during the calm before the storm--i feel peaceful. during a thunder storm, i feel like cleaning house. when its sunny and hot i feel like playing outside like a little kid. when its cloudy i like to read. and when its dreary and drizzling rain i am depressed. when its cold i like to be a couch potato and watch TV. and when it is snowing i like to cook and bakeIt affects me like my period effects me!!cold weather makes me feel sad and dull so i always go shopping in winter coz shopping is my therapy and end up being overdrawn.Weather changes always illicit a response from my moods. Rain makes me feel sleepy and somber. Sunshine makes me feel Happy and creative. Wind excites me and I feel child like.Sunny: Happy. Rainy/cloudy: Unhappy. Thunderstorms: Excited. Unfortuantely the weather is usually rainy here. Not that I have SAD, just that I can understand why lots of us have homes/move/travel abroad.The weather effects your mood because if it is sunny outside your are happy and when it is dark and gloomy you might feel the same way.
Personality is what makes each person an individual.  There are many types of personalities.  The Moody Person, The Happy-Go-Lucky Person, The Worry Wart, The Whiner, The Know-It-All, and The Stuck-Up Snob are just a few examples..      Human Relations is how these different personality types interact separately and together.well, about Human relations--are essential to working effectively in an organization...managers, supervisors, team leaders, department heads & others in the organizations that needs a good communication skills for relating to peers & employees....Here, this will include as a whole thing about our styles of behaving towards others, creating a positive working environment, listening for effectiveness, dealing with conflicts & criticisms & problem solving styles & so on..... . about Personality on the other hand, is the enduring pattern of psychological (thought, emotion) & behavioral characteristics (e.g. integrity, honesty etc.) by which each person (inner self) can be compared & contrasted with other people & influence his or her interactions with the environment...Personality is something we were born with. Human relations is how we choose to express that.
More and more, men are becoming the stay-at-home helpers while Mom goes out to work, and when I was working as a secretary, men were starting to come into the office as office workers..      I believe that if one is happy doing one's work, what does sex have to do with it?  Women are still hitting "the glass ceiling" and men are still paid more to do the same jobs.  I do not know if this will ever change.  Men do not want women to have as much power or priviledge as they do.  More and more, women are making their own opportunities.Unfortunately, it's very embedded in people.  With more awareness of these things, I believe there's hope for change.I agree. Wouldn't I get flogged tarred and feathered if I started a "Straight pride week" or a "Straight pride parade" in the the center of a major city. Or what if I opened a "Straight bar."?Valid point... In both salaries and numbers.  I overheard a conversation the other day at the next table while we were dining... apparently male models don't make anywhere near what females make! Who knew?!  I'll bet there are a lot of other examples too.  What about daycare workers?  They'd probably throw away your application the moment you walked out the door and start muttering about pedophiles.  Totally unfair.I have several standards.Years ago, as a college student, I went looking for a part-time job, at night, where I might get a chance to study a bit while working.  I settled on an answering service for physicians and such.  I am guessing that no man had ever applied there before because the application asked "does your husband know you are looking for work?"  To their credit, they admitted that all the other employees were women but thought that a male college student might work out just fine.  I stayed with them about a year.  Doesn't answer your question but I thought it was a cool story and it is related to your question.well i hate to burst your bubble but i do not want women in war so i am a pig thankyou .women are weaker and only able to produce a portion of what a man can do .by the way paper pushers are not real men. a man works hard sweats and makes something a whimpy man trades money and does a womens work why management is paid to sit around is beyond me women could do it part time and raise the kids while real men worked to provide shelter and goods to make life more enjoyable.for there familys .and single sweety guys could satisfy a womans lust for a strong man able to take a woman and give her what she realy wants .I'll believe in total equality when men start giving birth. (particularly that man who called women wimps, or something to that effect)Simply put, double standards make it much easier to be judgmentali have no standards ..It isn't ok, not in my book anyway. I don't consider myself to be a feminist but lets face it, men will never have the role of being a stay at home dad. Not only because the baby didn't come out of them but because women are just more caring. It is really only ok for them to break out of the traditional roles recently, like 40 years, which is a really short time in comparison to how many years we have been in the home. It is ok because women have too much power these days. It isn't equal things have become biased against the men.
Shabho Khair is good night (from Urdu/Hindi).. . Namaste is the greeting at all parts of the day.. . Achi Raat is literally translated to good evening.just a general greeting= Namaste.  . . i (THINK) you can say this at anytime when meetoing someone. It's a sign of respect. Most usually put their hands togehter like praying and bow.... . . NA-MA-stehYou can't. Hindy isn't a language. Hindi is, and I don't know how, lol.
its  a sign meaning that illegal substances are sold in the house or apartment closest to it.. . . Or it could just be a punk kid horsing aroundI heard it means someone killed someone else and then they fling the shoes over the line.I heard the same thing...it's the sign that you can buy drugs in the area.  Interesting huh? I always wondered the same thing and someone told me a couple of months ago!A lot of reasons. They can show where a drug house is, they can show where some violence is to take place, or they can just be hung out of the reach of the person they were stolen from.The true answer is >> I marks the particular gangs territory!imnot sure...its kindof a trick sometimes, the big kids will pick on the little kids....have you seen i think its called big fish? its an older based movie, and the one odd town, no one wears shoes and they all are on the edge of town, hanging on a line that is out of reach....its an awesome movie, see it if you canIf it's the Devil's Night, night before Halloween, it could be some kids playing a Halloween prank.  Any other time, just a regular prank I guess.Sign that means. Let your fingers do the walking?. Ha, i thought that was funny.. Telephone art.A police officer in San Diego told me that the position of the shoes marks a direction, to what? Drug house? Party, only the people who know shoes know.
The worldiness of Man refers to the desire that men have in enjoying life in terms of the physical level while reamaining "dead" spiritually. Sex, drugs, alcohol, money, may lead to fun nights and memorable moments but at time of judgement that very same worldiness will be weighed against you.To me, it means that man tends to focus on the material accummulation of wealth, toys, and fine luxuries of life, instead of the most important things.. . To me the most important things in life are my family, my relationship to God, and living my life in accordance with the Great Plan of Happiness.  After these three fall everything else.. . The worldliness of man begins with the element of Pride.  Pride begins to puff men up with the belief that they must be better than, have more than, have the best of, etc. and they divide themselves into categories.  You can see where this path leads by looking out the window: Greed, lust, corruption, dishonesty, envy, spite, scandals, and so on.Well, I always say I am not of this world or that I am not worldly. For me personally, it means I am not mainstream, not keeping up with the Smiths or the Jones, I am not "into" social pressure, I am a homebody, I keep peace and harmony in my household. I seem to associate it with negative things. Only peace and love for me:)
With grills?  Well, it's difficult to have conservations with inanimate objects.  You could talk to the grill, but it won't respond.  On the bright side, it is a really good listener.ask for their opinion on something, girls love to give their opinion. like what should i get my mom for mother's day or something like that.  or see what they are talking about with other girls & ask them their opinion on something in the converstion.  . . after you ask all you have to do is listen (thats the hard part). . . thanks, . . ssif you mean "GiRLS" then just try to find common interest with us.  seem interested but not a "phony" interest.  just be yourself... we can tell when your faking...I do not recommend this but some might say, after you have not taken a bath all week wearing the same clothes, walk over to the most gorgeous gril you see and snatch her up in your arms and plant an unbrushed mouth on her lips. Scratch your butt a couple of good times. After farting, be sure and tell her you are unemployed, broke and don't have a penny for her to gold dig. Gratefully, after she slaps the holy crap out of you for ten or fifteen minutes quip off handedly, "Who loves ya' baby?"Firstly, I think it would be better for you to make conversation with girls because grils are mainly used to cook with.. If you want to make conversation with girls a smile and a joke is a good way to startRelax, and don't treat us like we are from a different species!. . We're suckers for genuine compliments too!HOW DO MAKE CONVERSATION WITH GRILS?. . . YOU DO ENGLISH LESSON LEARN GOOD, YOU SPEAKY GOOD, YOU FINDEE GOOD GIRLY FRIENDEE.. . YOOOOU SPEEAKY AS YOUR WRITEE YOUUUU END UP CONVERSATION WITH FISHES AS THEY HAVE GILLS OR MAKE FRIEND AT DEPT STORE/HOT DOG COUNTER WHERE THERE IS GRILS.let me know when you get answersFirst of all, compliment us. We absolutely love that, then try and find what we like and talk about that with us. try and find things we have in common. Also, smile at us, sometimes we'll come and talk to YOU!Hey, this is so easy, we will follow almost any converstation you start, since we enjoy so much the talk!! lol. You can catch a woman atention if you just say how good she looks, in a natural way, and there you can start.. Anyway, i believe is just like men, there are diferent women who enjoy diferent subjects, but you can start asking what does she do, and that will give you a clue, if she is an history student you can ask her about something in the history of the United Stated you never understood, just to give an example. . Anyway, whatever it is to talk about our selves, is always a good theme for us. Anything about your family, your feelings, most of the times are really atractive to woman. I believe we love to hear how good son you are, how much you like to spend time with your nephews ( if that is true, don´t lie to her either because she will know ).just talk to them and do not be afraid of rejection. If they are bitchy about it they don't deserve your time anyways. Most women are very approachable as long as you don't act like a psycho.When you learn to ask questions correctly.
Rural means a small town........houses are far apart.........no big buildings.. Urban means a city.rural refers to less developed , kinda backward settlement, could be a village. urban referes to more developed/advanced settlement in a big , more developed townrural settlement:you settled in the sticks. urban settlement:you settled in the ghettttttoooooooo.oh yes in the ghettttttooooo.
This is the process whereby smaller banks get taken over by bigger banks.  Who two banks merge so that there are fewer banks but those that do exist are much bigger.. . An example is the bank Natwest (full name national westminster) bank that formed as a merger between National Provincial Bank and Westminster Bank.  And Natwest itself is part of the Royal Bank of Scotland bank.consolidation = lots of mergers and acquisitions of small companies, resulting in several large companies dominating the market.
Need more specifics, like ages, what is your relation to them, and what does "street children" mean? Are they homeless or just playing in the street?"Street Children"? What...do....you...mean..by that?with any child the most successful way to reach them is respect and love.  when children act out it's because they need attention, any attention.  if they are doing the silent treatment just let them know you respect their feelings on their silence but let them know they can speak when they want to and most importantly make sure they understand that they are safe and very important people! of course all this should be handled with age appropriate terms and gestures.
To sum it up, because this is a question that would warrant a lengthy answer...Many people move to cities seeking employment opportunities; however, with so many people doing this,  you have more competition for jobs.  All these people moving to cities looking for jobs and not finding any still have to survive somehow and this may be how we end up getting city "slums".  The social effect of this is unemployment, poor living conditions, increase in crime, oppression...   then you have broken families, abuse and neglect, substance abuse. I could go on and on but there you have the very shortened version.urbanization
I think we are all entitled to equal rights.. and Mike- they don't want special rights- they want the right to marry who they love- NOT just marry who we tell them they're allowed to. I'd hate it if someone started a rule tomorrow that natural brunettes such as myself could not marry natural blondes such as my husband.. i'm sure you'd be upset if you couldn't marry the person you loved, either..I think that gay people should have the right to get married.  . who are we to judge them. we are not GOD. remember what the bible says Let who is without sin cast the first stone. We have no right to tell them they cant get married.I am a Christian also with a gay family member that had been in a long-term partnership.  His partner died and my family member lost everything that they had built together.  If we, as a nation, want to protect marriage, fine but at the least civil unions should be legal.  We are to protect the rights of all Citizens, that is the standard of our government system.Gays have a "right" to marry anybody of the opposite sex.. . Citizens get a marriage license. Go down to the courthouse, and if you're qualified, (ie over 16, etc), and meet all the requirements, pay your money and boom!! The state / society will recognize you as being married.. . Nothing has been "taken away" from anybody. The homosexuals want special rights since they are not satisfied with the 'rights' we all have.i think its inhumane to not give equal rights to people.. . gay people are people too, and they deserve the same things as others. i mean come on, gay people already have to go through people being mean, and they get tormented all the time.. . i have a girlfriend, and shes scared to hold my hand when were in public. i feel bad cause i see other people doing it, but cause of this harsh society, we cant. :(talk to me at digital-tech.mypunbb.comi'm not that open, ...YET...i believe in male/female marriage only
Look into Steven Covey's Seven Habits of Highly Effective People.  (Google it)  One of the habits is being proactive instead of reactive.  We all need to find the win-win in every situation.The first step to achieve your goal is to stop asking this kind of questions on sites like yahoo answers since you won't advance far away from here.SET REALISTIC OBJECTIVES,  FOLLOW DISCIPLINE, PRACTICE ANY PHYSICAL EXERCISE YOU ENJOY, FIND WHAT IS PASSION FOR YOU AND DO ITexcersize, helps in so many waysDon't just stay home, go out and explore the world.  Exercise, eat healthy, and get enough rest to give you energy.  Do volunteer work or if you see something that needs to be done, just go and do it.  Don't wait.  As for optimistic, look on the positive side of things.  There is always one if you look really hard.  Sometimes looking at the clouds helps me to clear my head and put on a smile to face what ever may be coming my way.  Hope this helps =)
Idk. Thats why i say i will remember my dreams tonight and tomorrow 10 times before i go to sleep. It works sometimes.probably because its not put into ur memory.  like how u have temporary memory and permenant memory, and at night its transferred from temporary to permenant.  but if it doesnt put it into memory, howre ya gonna remember it.  just like when u study and forget.i think this happens because the brain is making room for more important information so that it can make more dreams from your thoughts.Sometimse I remember them.. But I always have the same dream, so it's easy to remember!Because your brain has no reason to remember what is not real.the reason dreams are so hard to remember is because a dream is what information from the past and the present day are collided together to for dreams and most of the dream is lost do to the deep dream. a hint to remeber a dream is when u wake up drink a glass of cold water always helps me.I don't know why their hard to remember but some people have a pen and paper right beside their bed.  They write down whatever they are remembering as soon as they awake.. . A taperecorder would probably work better.
U might as well be asking, “Why do we study anything at all?”. Or, are you comparing studying Asia to some other geography?  Or Asia to, lets say, China, or Korea for example.  You can do an almost infinite amount of comparisons in this case.. I studied Asia as part of my History Major in college, and I found it fascinating.  No more so or less so than the History of Europe or the Americas mind you.  It is just a particular genera and appeals to different people.. The question I think you need to ask is, “Why am I studying Asia?”  And, if it is for a class it sounds like it is required for you…  LOLto find their weaknesses so when they attack us, we can bomb them in the right spots asap....or maybe not. *shrugs*no compulsions .... . certainly the USA don't need 2 ..... asia's somewhere a speck on da ...I don'tBecause they have a much deeper and richer history than we do....thousands of years versus a few hundred.  Also - we better understand them since they (read: China) are growing so fast - in less than 30 years, experts say that China's GDP will be as large as the United States.'
Sometimes people aren't hungry. And until houses are free we will always have homelessness.ppl dont care and lose their opportunity for an education and end up on the street . . or. . ppl refuse to do something with their lives and just be hopeless. . i have heard of a hobo becoming a stock broker its not impossible the world just lacks hard working motivated individualsI have a two-pronged answer for you:. 1)  It is difficult, at best, to obtain the necessary funding.. 2)  The people in question, largely, do not WANT to be helped--or, if so, on THEIR own terms.That is easy. there is no profit in it. . . The rich will only give enough to keep from paying taxes. And then like said above people don't want help if they have to do anything to get it. They want the help on their terms. . . I had 3 rent houses and had people always trying to live off me for free. Like I should pay the house payments and let them live there free. It normally took me 3 months to get them out and then they would knock holes in the walls and be pissie at me because I wanted someone in there that would pay the rent. . . So i was willing to provide a home to people if they would help me pay the payments but people will not even help you do that much. People think you owe them. And if they can get it and not have to work like the rest of us they will do it. . . So I can understand why the rich don't help. I am not rich but it really is not worth the trouble to force people to let you give them something.  Or are we wrong to expect the dead beats to do something for their keep.. . You did not say anything about them being handicaped which I can see helping will help. But the other homeless who are not willing to help them selfs.... let them sleep in the streets.
usually they are Anxious PEOPLE that need something to calm them down. i think ,this is just an opinionVery hard to leave habits...cuz it's a really really addictive habit... and it feels great. try it!Watch clippings of 93 minute ITALY vs AUSTRALIA  world cup football match played yesterday, so cofident player after gettig goal in the penalty kick did........Cos they can't reach other things to suck. . .   cheers..........
I believe anyone can turn gay or bi. I just think it comes to a point when they realize this about themselves. It doesn't change the fact that they were gay/bi to begin with, it's just that they started to acknowledge it.Ask the Catholic priests.The same way lesbians doI don't think gay men have a choice in the matter and bisexual men are just confused in the darkness of the closet. I don't understand why any man or woman would CHOOSE to be gay - who would want all the ridicule and discrimination? No one, though, being a lesbian woman is much more accepted by this male-driven society than being a gay man.. . As for the turning, or the coming out of the closet - there just comes a time when a person has to accept who they are and live with it.Bad father figure.. Maybe some predispostion.Too many good women turn into lesbian.Because they are boring with other women. They have too much sex with them and no more happiness can be found from women.. . That's why they try something new.because they  chose to there  life there  decisions.They are born that way, they just don't know it right away because society is heteronormative. It is verifiably NOT related to any of the BS that the people above have stated, nor is it a mental or medical disorder.Well i guess they turn bi because they just wanna try with the same sex. The irony on this is that ppl turn bi or say they're bi when they don't have a family, like have you eveer seen a dad tellin his sons or someone else dad is bi? i don't think so. i guess turning bi is more like a curiosity thing when you're young. On the other hand, being gay is more different. Gay people are born lke that. What happens is that gay already comes gay. I think it's wrong to say a guy turnin gay. You may wanna say why do gay guys wear women clothes or try to change sex( i don't remember the word) , and i hope this helps...btw it's what i think, i may be wrongI think this may have to do with sexual addiction and they would be like a crack addict in the fact that they would do anything to get their fix.  In this case their fix is sex.Some men become gay because they want to be closer to other men.
with president Reagan, he decided to make energy saving time. back in the early 80's only come to find out it didn't save .So anyhow it never really worked .only we are still here doing the same thing and there is no need for it. Arizona is the only state that doesn't do the time change. So shall ,should we.It was brought about to give more time for farmers to plant and bring in the harvest during the growing and harvesting months.
Gas expands with heat.. Dried bodies cannot flex so they crack open.Bloating is caused by the gasses released by bacteria, and they don't really 'explode', they just expand until the skin splits and the gasses escape.Have you seen this happen?  You hang around Mausoleums?
unfortunately, some of psychology is a bit questionable. You just haven't been exposed to good psychological science.Pseudosicence is all about dreams psychology is'nt . . that is about Human and animal behaviourTo the extent that anything is a pseudo-science, it is because someone is paying the researchers to generate useless, vague studies that at best confirm what everyone already knows. The theory is, if you never come up with anything conclusive, there's no end to the funding. In most cases, the government or a clueless charitable foundation throws away the money for us. Good science finds its own funding.
You have the worng friends man. Sorry to say it but if that's whats up you should be with better people. Or just give freely and don't expect anything when you give and that when you won't feel let down by all the cheapos!People will keep using you for as long as you let them. Nobody can force you to spend all your money on them. What you have to ask yourself is, will they still want to hang around with me if i don't foot the bill every-time or am i simply buying their friendship.lol, on building your funds? don't take out money.. being able to say no?. . just say "no means no".. . =). . and if ur friends are rude about it, get new friends.. u don't need greedy bums in ur life.It's because they are mean with money that they have money.because they cannot see the other side of the coin.hey i got the same problem, when it comes to being generous, what i do is, only take 10 or 15  bucks cash and leave my bank cards at home, that way you got a few buck in your pocket and people wont expect you to foot the bill after a while.. . and if your looking to build your money, try a term deposit it works of me.Just be like, uhhhh "NO!"  dude all you have to say is dude I really cant pay for your shit, im sorry dude.because GREED  sets in . and they become evil to.get rid of the greedy as soon as possibleSome people think that mean people weren't potty trained properly. They don't want to let anything go, not even their waste products. They equate money with waste products.. . They probably also have no social conscience or sense of fair play. They may have been the youngest sibling and, therefore, spoiled. Strangely enough these people are usually liked, that's how they get away with it.You can give me some to make up for all the money my children have from meI am the same or shall i say i use to be like that fro a long time but one day i just had enough and i start saying NO. It didn't go down to well with my so called friends and now i have a new ones, who truly appreciate me for who i am and not my money.. Good Luck. :)They seem to be using you. Just be firm and tell them that you always pay, and that someone else should this time. Failing that, get some new friends...!I used to be the same way. Sadly, there are so many money moochers out there. Once a person gets to know your generous side, they tend to take advantage of it. For me, it's difficult to be straightforward and tell someone that it's their turn to pay. I just remind them, with a smile, that I payed the last time. Try not to be shy about it. Good luck!
Well, Johnnycakes... because saliva is the first step in digestion.  When you see something you want to eat, it's a Pavlovian response.. . I really hope that if you ever have to go to jail or prison... you seriously think about changing your nickname.cuz with the food thing, you have to have saliva in your mouth to swallow it and congest it and that kinda stuff! and well no comment on the hot girl...The brain registers that something good is coming or seeing and tells the saliva gland under the tongue to produce saliva. It's human conditioning sort of.Remember the Pavlov dog??Whenever he heard the bell ring, he drooled because he sensed something good was coming, even if he didn't get it.It's a subconcious reaction.. -Sarah-lol but i was told as young kid that i would have my mouth washed out with soap and waterFood is natural because it's used to break down food when eating, so seeing food makes your body think you'll soon be eating the food.. . For a hot girl... you must be experienced in cunnilingus for that to happen, I suspect.that's your body getting ready to eat-n-greet:)I know about food. I dont know about a hot girl. Those are enzymes in the saliva to break down simple sugars. Put cotton candy in your mouth and your saliva will start breaking it down. The mouth just breaks down simple sugars not proteins and fatty acids
I think people have the desire to be famous so that their lives on Earth will not be forgotten when they are dead and gone. It could also have a lot to do with a person's self esteem. Being loved and adored by millions of fan might fill some kind of void in a person's life and make them feel like they've accomplished something.. . I have to agree, though, that I would much rather be rich than famous because I treasure my privacy, which is why I want to be an author and screenplay writer - potentional to make lots of money, but without all the hassle of having to hire body guards and go out dressed in disguises just so I can buy groceries in peace!I think it's about, love, approval, acceptance, money, success, random people looking up to you, being popular, respect and recognition of you as a person, but maybe in various orders to various people.I believe it's a combination of a way to financial security, a dire need of attention, and a way to combat loneliness.  Try listening to "Mr. Jones" by Counting Crows.  It's amazing how much you can realize just by listening to a song.Anna Nicole SmithI don't want to be famous at all. I hate the spotlight. I wouldn't mind being anonymously rich though.I certianly would not want to be famous, or related to anyone who's famous.  People with fame have very little privacy.  I wouldn't mind being rich, but not famous.Wow look at me.. See me, Hey look over here it is me. . . I myself do not like to be in the spotlight and can not understand why anyone would ever want something like that. It is the same way at the office. Everyone thinks everyone wants to be the boss. Not everyone wants to be incontrol and most I have met do not like getting in front of everyone and giving a speech. I do it because I have to but for sure not because I want to. So other than the people who watch themselfs in the mirror as they walk and think how good looking they are.. I would have to say most do it for the money. I like the power I have in my job but in no way like fame. I would rather be known for something good and that I will always do what ever it is that I do well. . . But to be in the spot light NO WAY.I figure that good things are associated with famous people. People think that they have it all. Lots of money, women throwing themselves at you. People are alway envious of those who have what they don't. It's just human nature.people who want to be famous are those who want to be paid attention. Singers and actors like to be looked, to be liked. Even students, sometimes you want to be the most popular guy/girl in your high school or middle school. . People who want to be famous are those who need particular needs to feel surrounded. Famous people need to be surrounded because they need affection from others, they need someone to help them.. Most of the cases are like this, then they are some exception as always.. Some famous people are famous, not necessary for being paid attention. Some just do it by needs of money for example. . That's all I can say about that
Tell him it's summer and you'll work to be back to being ready to school a couple of weeks before school starts. Then do it...Get up before he does and go to sleep before he says anything the trick is to keep him guessing. then when hes used to that go out and get a job and get a place of your own and pay your own bills.  yes thats it throw him for a loop.Revolt, you fool! The only path to change is through action!You'll thank your father when you're 40 :)  this is the time when you have to treat your body very carefully in order to be the best person you can be.  A kid's brain needs 10-12 hours of sleep....much more than the 8-10 hours that adults need.  You will be better at everything if you follow your dad's advice.  Try to find time to have fun during the times you can and learn to appreciate what your dad is doing for you...he obviously loves you and cares about you!You shun your fathers wisdom??? Hey listen up... your father is looking out for your ass. You may not think it right now but keeping on a schedule is the best possible to live a long and happy life. Take it from me. I have done parties and drugs and I stay up all night every night. Oh how I wish I could go back to school and actually be awake when the sun is shining. Instead I crawl to bed like a vampire that didn't get his nightly dose of blood. I know I sound like your mother... but hey when you hit 25 or 30 you will look back and say dammit why didn't I listen to that idiot now I live like the losers I see on TV sitcoms. One night a week is something you can bargain for but don't expect a free ride to go out and party like some frat boy 8 days a week. Ask you father what his reasons are for putting you on a schedule and ask him what long term effects going out 1 night a week would have on your schedule. I am sure he is reasonable and will get you to see that he means to do his best to give you a reason to stay on the straight and narrow. . If you want to be evil like me you can just hop out the window with a note that says kiss my butt left on your pillow. because you will get caught and you will get a lecture. But when you prove that your a man that can make good decisions then maybe he will lay down a little less of the law and open up more to your going out to experience the drab existence of the party people. . They are all drunken fools that will, in a few years be working at the convience store, right down the street from you. If you want freedom you have to earn it. You have freedom about your future but you will never have say so in matters that will affect your life in the short run.. I wish you luck bud, but I have gone down that route and if I had one wish it would be to go back and change all my bad choices to be a nerd with a pocket protector and found a company like microsoft.... But I'm not.. I'm a wash-up with no job and no life. You really need to focus on your life.... not jimmy-joe-john up the road going out and destroying thier brains. Peace out and think about it man... seriously
Women have alot of problems and to cope with them they use alcohol to numb the pain they feel. Its not a good thing to do cause by drinking more they only make more problems for themselves.I have known several alcoholic men and very few alcoholic women.. . Maybe these drunk girls just hang in your circle.  =)becuase they are more mentally unstable, plus have smaller bodies to consume the alchoalbecause some women drink becase they are either mad or they just feell like drinking and men in the other hand are stupid and all they do is drink because they think its cool to get drunk and they drive at the same timethey seem to deal with stress and anxiety much different than men. I feel that this somehow relates, since drinking seems to dilute any ongoing issues.Do they? I have never heard that before. Interesting though....I've never heard of any evidence of that... to my understanding, alcoholism is a factor of genetics and personality, regardless of gender.Usually, all food is digested and the nutrients are absorbed in the small intestine, which is after the stomach. However, the stomach actually is the one that absorbs alcohol, especially on an empty stomach. That's why u get drunk faster when ur stomach is empty. U also get drunk more if ur a woman since u have a smaller stomach. U absorb more alcohol faster... and then maybe that's why they become alcoholics.. I'm not sure about more women being alcoholic but i am sure about the more women getting drunk faster part.Do they? Well my guess would be that women are more emotional than men and would most likely take to drinking their problems away.I'm sure there are physiological reasons... but I'd bet that the endless supply of free drinks from guys, from ladies nights, etc...  probably plays a role.  Guys, on the other hand, have to pay for their drinks which is a limiting factor for alcohol consumption.Actually, statistically there are far more male alcoholics than female.Who says they do? Alcoolism is as much genetic as anything else. Women DO absorb it faster then men and maybe they may feel more of an emotional need to escape into the bottle but just because they're women doesn't men their more prone to becoming alcoholics then men. This is more of a case by case basis because each person's circumstance is different.. . . VinBecause a man can drive a woman to drink easier than a woman can drive a man to drink.  Plus, women are smart enough to call for a cab when drunk, while us men think we can drive...so we die in a car wreck before we become alcoholics...my theory anyway.It has to do with body mass and volume. Alchohol flows through one's digestive system, like any other beverage. It's contents, both good and bad, are absorbed by the body. Since women are smaller the alcholol travels the system faster. Thus, they feel the effect faster, (drunkeness) . . . Also, since a woman's body is smaller, the alchohol has less time to dilute before reaching the liver and effecting the mind. Therfore, the alchohol reaches the liver,and travels the blood in a more dense, consentrated form than it would a man.. . Physchology and hormones may also play a drastic role. Naturally, a woman's hormones cause inconsistant emotions. These drastic changes can make each mood seem more intense and overwhelming. For this reason, women may experience oppression, (or depression as most say) more frequently than men. Obviously, oppression is often an inspiration to drink.. . For these reasons, women do not only become alchoholic quicker than men, but are addicted to drugs quicker than men also.because most of the time their bodies are smaller than a mans body!Because men drive woman crazy and we turn to alcohol to deal with the craziness of men.....the end.I wasn't sure they did...but if it's the standard housewife, she has more free-time to drink (yet really no less stress than her working hubby). Teenage women can get wrapped up into the party lifestyle very easily, often being sexually and emotionally victimized by men...which may enforce their desire to "drink-to-forget." Other than that...I'm not sure.because men are assholes and make us become that way.They do not.Do they?because  maybe there kids drive them crazyMen make them that wayIs that a fact?
Wow. I hope you don't actually believe any of that crap really happened. If you do, you don't need Scientology, you need therapy and re-education.Because what humans really are cannot be killed. Christians say  that people can go to heaven or hell or purgatory but never do they say they can be destroyed. See this site to learn more about yourself according to top psychologists and religion.. . http://phifoundation.org/life.html
I was in graduate school for Economics.  The primary motivation, overall, is so that you can teach at the university level.u can predict various trends (bull or bear runs) in stock exchanges, u can be of great help to banking sector , ur eco degree could help govt make gud policies for ur country, etc etc.its very open-ended in its inability to solve problems without a HUGE amount of trust from other businesses. Buuut... more can be said here.... You have the ability to take consumer trends like a stock market effect of yahoo questions and are able to invest w/ a degree of .... pun intended btw.. Economic insight follows this though: you must take your expansions to an area that is in war crisis. you must do this or you will counteract what's going on with this planet. that is the macro and the entre of businesses as they relate to your studies.
This, I think, is what is now called 'Lesbianism. & a way to work up orgasm between two females...i just looked this up because i didnt know, but now I do! . I researched it and found this awesome page. check this out!. . http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Tribadism
Game theory refers to the mathematical method of deciding the best decision to make in order to maximize your benefit. Of course, this applies to games like chess, checkers, but it can also apply to business decisions and artificial intelligence.Game theory is a way of thinking about strategy and decision making. There are tons of resources out there that explain cooperative vs non-cooperative and other concepts. The two sources below are a good starting point, and they also give examples that illustrate the concepts pretty clearly.
Because it is corporate owned. Big business wants a docile population that consumes not thinks and wants to change things.. . That man was a true visionary and a real artist btwthe revolution won't be televised, because people like me will be shooting people like you, and you will all fall, and no one wants to see stupid n*ggers die on tv, do they?Because a true revolution will be a total change from the way our society operates. Those who own the media do not want to see consumerism decline. A utopian society would mean the media would eat the same as everyone else, live the same way, drive a chevy, and struggle the same.
Get a customer-facing job.  Something where you're required to talk with customers all day long.. . I guarantee, you'll develop confidence and assertiveness.Assertiveness is a skill taught by many personal development experts and psychotherapists and the subject of many popular self-help books. It is linked to self-esteem and considered an important communication skill.. . As a communication style and strategy, assertiveness is distinguished from aggression and passivity. How people deal with personal boundaries; their own and those of other people, helps to distinguish between these three concepts. Passive communicators do not defend their own personal boundaries and thus allow aggressive people to harm or otherwise unduly influence them. They are also typically not likely to risk trying to influence anyone else. Aggressive people do not respect the personal boundaries of others and thus are liable to harm others while trying to influence them. A person communicates assertively by not being afraid to speak his or her mind or trying to influence others, but doing so in a way that respects the personal boundaries of others. They are also willing to defend themselves against aggressive incursions.. . [edit]. Techniques. Perhaps the most popular technique advocated by assertiveness experts is the Broken record technique. This consists of simply repeating your requests every time you are met with illegitimate resistance. The term comes from vinyl records, the surface of which when scratched would lead the needle of a record player to loop over the same few seconds of the recording indefinitely.. . Another technique some suggest is called Fogging, which consists of finding some, limited truth to agree with in what an antagonist is saying. More specifically, one can agree in part or agree in principle.. . Negative inquiry consists of requesting further, more specific criticism. Negative assertion, on the other hand, is agreement with criticism without letting up demand.ha ha, HiAmp, you're completely right!. . My wife used to be non-assertive and very sweet/soft. She is still sweet (of course), but now that she's had to deal with customers for a number of years, she is tough-as-nails. . . Oh, she's always polite (well, almost), and is VERY professional... but she's had to learn how to push back sometimes or be very firm in her role, so she wasn't eaten alive or consumed by guilt.. . The big principle on assertiveness is, "Give yourself the same opportunities to assert yourself as you give others.". . You are probably very sensitive and open to other people, listening to them and letting them speak their mind. But you're scared to do so yourself.. . But most people are actually prepared to let you offer your opinion. If you don't, they actually assume you don't care or don't have an opinion. You're being harder on yourself than they are.. . (You just have to be willing to live with what you say, so just make sure you are stating yourself clearly and comfortably, not as an emotional reaction but because you believe it.) . . Also, if you have authority in your position or area of expertise (as a parent, or as a member of your work-team), allow yourself to use that authority. Be fair, but also take advantage of it. Don't overstep your bounds, but take pride in taking charge and responsibility in your areas of skill.  You have every right to do so.. . Again, most people already assume you will do this. When you don't, they get confused or think you have no confidence or competence.. . You will always find a few jerks who will fight you just because they can, and you have to learn to accept that their opinions don't influence how you decide to live.. . I say this only as someone else who was extremely non-assertive and had to learn how to be productive in my roles at work/home and contribute my talents effectively. It will take a lot of practice, and the anxiety does take time to diminish. . . Give yourself the privilege of feeling uncomfortable for awhile, and just remind yourself that either "you are in charge in this situation" (if you are) and that "you know what you're talking about" (if you do). Be patient and don't quit.The next time you're in a situation that calls for assertiveness, make yourself be highly assertive. Once you are sincerely and certianly assertive, it comes easier and easier every time. Have no fear my friend; No Fear.Just google the phrase.. . Start small, learn to say NO. People will still like you if you tell them no. They will actually respect you more.. . Being assertive doesn't mean being obnoxious. It just means you love yourself and put your needs on an equal plane with everyone else. Good luck...why would u wanna be assertive..i hate assertive people they like tell u what to do dont be assertive but dont let people walk all over you.when you feel that one of your rights are being violated, say like you are standing in a qeue, and someone just barjed in infront of you...you ASK!!! them to please get back behind you, because this is your place in the qeue. If they don't listen, or just ignore, then tell them, to move down the line with a serious, firm but calm tone of voice. That should start you off as practice..you'll get the hang of it later on...... Good luckassertive is not actually the greatest thing to have. Be yourself and that will get you further in life.To be more assertive, you need to stand up for yourself and not care about what you say to people.  You speak whats on your mind and you can try to not hurt people but you do not hold shit inside.  You let that out and stop being a punk.  Be a tough cookie and show people what you got....Start with your mom. Don't just say "yes" to her on things you don't want to or disagree with. Confront her. Once you've dealed with her, you can go and deal with your boss. After that, the world is yours.
This one guy asking God to bring him his slippers and to hurry up. Weirdo.  And this other guy asking us why we have a cross for our symbol if we are christian."Do you think I like cheese because I am fat?" We can only hope that this person has a strange sense of humor."How did you feel when you realized Jesus was your only way to heaven?"  . Wow!  What a mean person... Jesus said to love one another and even cast aside the Ten Commandments in anger.  How can religious people be so cruel to the non-believers they are supposed to be protecting from Satan?. . ...shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness.Mine was her adult male cat is mating with his sisters is this normal?? . hee hee I think not.:)nothing crazy really, just random boring stuff :). . now where's that killer uncle question? sounds interesting
jut get up and do it. start with one thing and  move form there sometimes when you see a project and its to big its overwhelming so try breaking it down so it seem s llike a bunch of little task that you can complete fasterPut on some peppy music and set a timer for 10 minutes and see how much you can get done.  Set a goal and reward yourself later.  Find a friend who likes to organize who will help make your home more efficient.  Decorate your space so that you can enjoy it when it is clean.  Or, hire a housekeeper for a couple of hours a week and clean along with her. Plan a dinner party or get-together or just invite someone over so you have incentive to clean up!Hire a carpet cleaning or housecleaning service (for deep-cleaning stuff like taking windows off,etc).  Before they come, you will be mortified and pre-clean, because you can't trust them to put things away correctly and won't want them to see your mess.  It doesn't cost $100, and just do it every couple of months, when you really need a good pick-me-up.  Take it from Queen Procrastinator-it works!Small house huh?  Well go to a nearby Dollar Store buy yourself some large containers....trash bag...cleaning solvents...paper towels...and such.  Picture your home....Not House!....clean.. Good music is a good motivator...start by doing a little organizing....thus the containers.  Start one room at a time..but if you happen to come across something in another room that needs your attention...go ahead.  Finish one job...go to the next.. Little by little you will notice a difference....As long as you stay organized you will not feel so stressed come next time.   . Also....STAY OFF THE COMPUTER!  How in the world will you get things done while your here reading this...ME  I already did my house work...I have to complete that before I allow myself time to get here.I TELL MYSELF THAT ITS NOT GOING TO GET DONE ANY OTHER WAY AND I TURN ON SOME MUSIC AND DANCE AND SING MY WAY THROUGH IT,FOCUS ON ONE ROOM AT A TIME,IT HELPS TO STAY IN ONE ROOM RATHER THAN TRYING TO GO BACK AND FOURTH,FOR A SMALL HOUSE YOU SHOULD GET A SYSTEM IN PLACE ITS EASIER TO KEEP IT CLEAN,LIKE TRAIN YOUR FAMILY TO PUT STUFF UP IMMEDIATELY,THIS CUTS DOWN ON CLUDDER,ITS HARD WORK AT FIRST BUT WELL WORTH IT IN THE END.........GOOD LUCKmake yourself really bored i guessTurn on the tunes get a timer and while you are cleaning have the timer set so that it goes off every ten minutes. Every time it goes off throw away something within your view. That way every time you clean, you have less to clean. Most of us have so much stuff we will never use any Wait.I know exactly how you feel my house is so crowded ......i usually put on some great music or repeat some favorite quote in my head and put on some damian marley and get to cleaning.Music is the best advice i can give you.listen to music and know if you don't clean it it will be a messI am sorry to say this, but it is my personal opinion that when we seek something to motivate us to perform some task, what we are really saying is that we lack the discipline necessary to do the things that must be done.  It is a pleasant fiction to believe that there is some simple technique that will magically change us in some way so that we get these things done painlessly and promptly.  We should just give up the idea that wwe can somehow make ourselves "feel" like doing these things,and just do them because they need to be done.  It won't get any better waiting for you to get motivated.. . That being said, perhaps you just lack a system for getting your chores done.  There are a couple of good books: Confessions of an Organized Homemaker and Sidetracked Home Executives, that might help you out.  Can't come up with the names of the authors off the top of my head, but if you go to Amazon or Barnes & Noble.com, you should be able to find them.. . Good Luck!I'll give you the same pep talk I give my wife. "Clean this dump up.   It's a pig sty. Get yourass off the couch and do something for Christ sake."Put on some music, pick up a broom and get your butt in motion...me and my girlfriend clean our houses together. we motivate each other and its more fun with someone to talk to while you work.Get a buzz & turn up the toons.I'm having the same problem and their is a cook out here tomorrow.  I just cannot get it done I even went and cleaned the pool instead. I hate the cleaning the pool.Put on music and dance while you do it... always works for me.pretend like i'm coming over.Most likely you would probably want to impress me.Women usually do,so just think of me and you'll clean it,i promise...love bill.What gets me motivated is when I have to use a shovel to get to the bathroom.i agree with helpfulkim.....but i siffer the same as you....good question....i needed to hear these answers too. thanks for asking it.I know exactly how you feel...It almost seems so overwhelming that you just can't even think about starting. I wish I could give you a good answer, but I'm not a good person to ask.Think of the results!!! A dirty home carries bacteria - yuck! You don't want that. A clean, orderly space makes for a more fresh, peaceful environment in which to be motivated in, in the first place. Seeing all the clutter is probably what's so daunting to you. . . So imagine what your place will look like afterwards, play your favorite music, and fantasize /daydream as you clean! . . You'll be done in no time!Do it naked, get it done, and when hubby comes home take matters into your handsI HATE too clean.. I don't over do it 1st off.. Just do the basics and don't try to do too much.... I just force myself to clean and try to hurry before hubby gets home!. ?. Force......YourselfI Feel The Same Way.write a list of what you want to clean.  if you get side tracked by something you should find, do one of 2 things: put it in another room, if you think that you may forget it write down what you want to do to it read,look etc & move on.. stick to your list.... you will be satisfied by crossing things off . break down to simplist task when writing list . . not "clean living room". .  but  more of a list like below . . get cleaner, towels duster (whatever you would clean with). remove stuff from table. wipe down table. as puting stuff back on table dust off (don't look, don't think just clean). dust off tv . dust off lamps. get out vaccum cleaner (or broom, mop) . clean living room floor . clean other similar floor . etc . . make it simple, keep it simple, cross off as you go . at the end of the list or in the middle schdule a break . ie have coffee in the middle of you list, this way you force yourself to get through 1/2 a simple list before you can have coffee (if you have the coffee first you have rewarded yourself for getting nothing done) the coffee will then motivate yourself & give you that boost to finish your list & have your other reward at the end be it a relaxing bath, watching your favorate show, lighting some nice smelling candles etc. . remember look around you "you deserve a clean house!". . keep it simple. . hope this helps. . ssI have a method to motivate myself to clean.  I hate to clean and feel like there are too many decisions to make on where to put things and it can become overwhelming. I have a small house and not much room and lot's of hobbies. But the method that works for me is . COPE . C - clean - this is basically throw away, clean counters, take out trash, clean kitty litter, clean dirty dishes .. O - organize - put things where they should go, take dishes out of dishwasher and back in cabinets, put up misplaced items.. P - polish - this is mainly exterior things like dusting, cleaning mirrors, fluffing pillows, etc.. E - embellish - this includes the nice little extras like hang a picture you've been wanting to get up. cut a flower from your yard and put in a vase. Hang fancy hand towels in your bathroom.  . . You can commit to an hour and spend 15 minutes on each section,  or 20 minutes by spending  5 minutes on each section. I suggest setting a timer for each increment of time. . . The point is you have given yourself some guideline and framework so you will at least touch on everything that needs to be done after a while.  Also, by giving yourself a time line you will not get "stuck" doing any one thing because you know that you've got to move on.  In addition, you will feel a sense of accomplishment because you set a goal and accomplished it.  Even though these sessions probably won't take care of everything all at once - eventually you'll get it done and have a system to tackle it.Invite relatives who don't like you much over for a party next weekend.  You will clean your house!  I find it goes much easier if I am very angry at the time.
Weak always lose over the strong.. People who gamble are weak in mind and want th free money.. So it always end in loss.For those who are addicted to gambling, they cannot stop.  Therefore they loose all their money and become poor.losingit's a diesease, people get too addicted and when they try to get out of the hole that they're in they gamble in hopes that they'll win big and get out of it.Gambling does not lead to poverty.  Gambling Addiction like all addictions will destroy your life and have severe consequences on your financial status.  But if you gamble within reason, like the vast majority of people do, it can be exciting and entertaining.Spend 97% of your next 6 mos. income at a casino.you may lose all your money, so your poorIf you had your last dollar in your hand and let's say you're in Las Vegas. Somehow, there's a black jack table that lets you play you're last dollar. You loose! You are now officially apart of the poverty club.Well you get carried away and start betting more than you have, and you end up not being able to pay for all of it. But if you're able to control youself go aheadYOU LOOSE           . . WHAT IS SO HARD ABOUT THAT ONE???Easy.  You gamble away all your cash, money, assets & properties.  When you don't win any money back, you continue to play more by borrowing and using your credit cards cash advancement.  At the end, you simply lose more than you win.  By then, your family might leave you and if you still have your job, consider that lucky.Because most people who gamble often cannot stop.  Thats the whole idea for casino owners.  Get the majority of suckers to lose while a small number actually win.It won't sometimes.... It leads to rich!The same way copious alcohol consumption leads to a ruined liver.You win the first few times, but you keep going and lose. Soon you lose the grocery money, the mortgage money, the car money, so you wind up at social services asking for food, clothing, bus fare and a place to stay. At that point you are in poverty. . . Sometimes it happens slow, sometimes it happens fast, but it does happen, because some people don't know when to stop. They become addicts. Gambling also drains money out of communities, and people stop buying furniture and clothes because they spent it all on gambling. Crime and prostitution usually come to areas that introduce gambling, making it unfit for families, which move away and turn the area near the casino into a ghetto or high crime area.Because you eventually become addicted to the thought of striking the jackpot meanwhile you are unfocused on your source of income and your funds will deteriorate.Gambling can become an obsession.  Just like a drug addict giving up everything he/she has for that high, a gambler will do the same thing.  Many times in doing so they put their homes, their families and even their own lives in jeopardy.when you bet your house, car, savings account, family and all your other worldly possessionsBecause it takes all your money.  Over time if you keep gambling you will lose all your money!A person with an addiction to gambling will not be able to stop playing whether winning or losing.  However almsot all games in a casino give the house a considerable advantage, meaning in the long term the player will always lose money.No food for the lazy man! Gambling controls your spending action and renders you poor when you keep wishing on a big chance. Honest work pays!Because you are spending all your money on gambling and therefore it leads to poverty
I think dreams are a way for the brain to have release.  Just like we would sit down and read a book or whatever just to have a break.  Although, maybe sometimes dreams could be prophetic, just depends on how you look at it.  If we didn't have dreams, how would our brain discard all the junk that goes into it?-we would probably be out in the world doing some of the things that take place in our dreams and the world would be total chaos.daily life is the reality and the real awareness of what our conscience is going through.  Dreams are the alternate reality our brains transmit in order to calm our minds.  but dreams are something more,  they translate our life into a good or frightening interpretations.  So yes, you can say that they are related.you stil a sleepwhen you are awake you dream of some certain stuff and when you are asleep some times you wana wake up to live the real life to run away of dream land. + you can dream of what you saw or thought about in your day and  you can live your dream and that is the best you can get todreams in no way predict anything if that is what you are asking - they are usually related to life in that you will still be thinking about things that relate to your life while you are dreaming - like something that you have done or were thinking about doing or talking about doing.i AM YESHUA!. dreams are from SPIRITS!. Spirits show U your Life!. smileS!. Yeshua!Dreams are a result of real life...or is it the other way around?
over 60 soldiers died. and japan was suposed to give us the letter saying that the declared war on us but they did after japan attacked. they were sfter our aircraft carriers but luckily our air craft carries were in the pacific so they missed but it was a suprising impactI visited Pearl Harbor. I must say--- you can't explain it. there is still oil leaking up from the USS ARIZONA and still---hundreds of japanese --- of what seemed like to me--- leering at what good of a job they did. Because it is a gravesite, with names of all who perished etched in white marble there are signs posted of "no talking" guess who's not honoring that--- it ain't Americans. You get a sense of solitude, and still a sense of outrage of how humanity can do such a thing to each other. Our fathers, great grandfathers, brothers,uncles and countless others unknown or unnamed are at the bottom of the harbor, and to know they might still be alive today to tell their stories---to you. Outraged yet? How about 9-11? we didn't provoke that either. Just because of someone elses ideology, that we, or someone else doesn't agree with it and they take a choice to >force< it on others and to massacre thousands in the name of their ideology.     Amazing we sure can persecute those who do stand for the real meaning of freedom that they step up for those freedoms, that we take for granted, and protest against just because we have the "right"---given to us by those who >really,truly< sacrifice every day in blood and being away from their families, so we don't have car bombs over here.  It's the same principal as 1941.  Gen. Yamamoto was right--- only 65 years late---"America is a bunch of drunks and playboys who will never stand up for their country".   Where are the real Americans of today who are willing to step into a Marine or Army recruiters office, just as our great grand parents did? I already gave my country 7 yrs.   Impacted?---to this day.It made it possible for the U.S. to enter WW 11 in spite of the strong opposition to "another European war" by isolationists who were powerful politically.. Most Americans did not know that Japan had very good, expert military/naval forces, and assumed they'd be defeated in a few months.
Because maximum number of rape cases come from Delhi. The men in delhi are cheap and have no respect for women.yaMaybe it has something to do with the word    NOread the book freedom at midnight by  LARRY COLLINS and DOMINIQUE LAPIERRE  then you might get an idea   their culcther is a lot differant than oursrealy crowded many visitors!
Depends. 1- I'm either getting thrown out for being to messed up, meaning its tI'me to go anyway.2-im being thrown out for getting into a fight meaning its tI'me to take it outside.3-i just met a great guy meaning, im "being taken" to his place.I always hated psychology class...I got a C in there.Hmm... the joint I have just been smoking was a bit to much..... (puke)party?
There's tolerance and there's such a thing as too much tolerance. If you meet somebody who is sexually interested in little kids, would you condider that "his style"? Or if somebody's a racist?i surely agree wit u.its coz every one wants his fri or his close one 2 b like him,the problem arises.when they understand that each human s different ther s no ego or indifference between us.Because they don't want to make the effort to try and understand,I do respect other people as long as they show respect for themselves and others!!!!Because we don't live in a perfect world.yes as long as it harms no one else i agree
i dont know exactly what your dream is about, but the only way you'll get over it is to face your fears. stop telling yourself that you are afraid of this dream. befor you go to sleep tonight write down the entire dream every little detail you can recall. however, write an ending to your dream..a happy one... read it over and over and play it out in your head. when you go to sleep tonight close your eyes and picture the whole dream as if it were a movie concentrating on the ending. the hard part now is that when you normally wake up (probably the most frightening part of the dream) you have to try not to let yourself wake up. acknowledge that it is just a dream and end it. It may not work the first night but your guaranteed to at least progress the dream. Eventually it will progress a lil more each night until it ends completely. Good luck. Let me know if it worked :)Becouse you have unresolved emotional issues.. . And if you have been having the same one, for two YEARS - it is something serious.. . Think about how you feel in the dream, or how the dream makes you feel, and where - during your waking life - you feel simmilarly (not that you find yourself in a simmilar situation, but that you feel similarly)Sounds like you may have some symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder but I'm no doctor.  People say you have some unresolved emotional attachments but I think once you begin to hallucinate it has progressed beyond that.  Counseling from a professional can help a lot, and many people have the same problem and live perfectly normal lives.  I've never had anyone close to me die so I can't speak from experience, but what I will say is that you should remember the good times you had with her, cherish those memories but understand that life moves on and you must move with it or be swept away with the past.  Good luck.i think you must have seen horror films.i also was afraid at night after i saw HARRY POTTER. so you shouldn't see horror films and think about dangerous things . because there is no such thing as ghost.. bye .Pray. It's hard to loose a loved one. And it also helps to talk to someone about it. In my opinion you probably didn't have a chance to say goodbye or I love you and now it's coming back to haunt you. But the important thing is that you have to get some peace in your mind about the whole situation. Thats why I said pray and talk to someone. After you do that then the dreams should go away.
what intellect have to do with philosophical view? philosophic views are introspective thoughts and observation of the obviousTry personals ads in places like NY Review of Books or other periodicals where they might be posted.. Lots of people just want chatting partners.. There's also OpenDiary.  You post journals and others comment.  Some good friendships start that way.you have to try first :)
history and englishwell i relly like maththey are in the following order:-3)parapsychology  4)discovery of more than 80% of personality parameters in 5 -10 minutes of  1st meeting with him/her{of course -on line- it takes more } his/her face OR [manyi --Close=near pictures-- give/s me a good impession.  5)internal Medicine    6)math        7) Physics   AND before all  are  1)psychiatric Diseases   And    2)psychologyscience/sociology/psych/art history/world history/law/government/phiosophy/literature/parapsychology..... i love them all. I live only to learn.scienceand history........well mostly sciencei like just about ever thing but i like math the most even though im not good at itI love Mathematics and Physics.hi honey, if u like to cyber or date, pls contact mei'd have to say...hum diddly dum...the fine arts...mainly music and band. but i also like science to a degree.i loved MATH and SCIENCEPSYCHOLOGY IS MY FAVORITE SUBJECT. I LOVE ENTERING THE HUMAN THOUGHT PROCESS AND SEEING ONES DEEPEST THOUGHTS,PASSION,DESIRESscience, or gym :)History
May be, ............... but it's not always.  Unconscious mind , or sixth sense or spiritual power guide us in our dream and if we can understand it it will guide us in our life. . Pinki.yes, i think so ;)
The persons is sentanced to death by a lethal injection, and not by. infection, thats why.. . Justice till the very end.how many more times will this be asked?sounds like a trik question.... lol. lubricates the needle i guessSo that he does not infect the needle !
I know, and when you play video games and press the buttons really hard like it's going to make a difference (my kids do this).  Or when you're in the passenger's seat of the car and the driver looks like they're not going to brake in time before hitting another car, so you start pushing your foot through the floorboard like it's going to help.  I think it's just a psychological thing, because so many things that we do will respond better and faster if we push harder (like a door that's stuck, or a tight lid on a jar).It's a natural response to human frustrations I suppose. And that's the only think you can do at that point in time if you already run out of batteries at homehumans think that pressure is the answer to everything and are very impatientimpatience, laziness and denial. Didn't you know that if you press the elevator/lift button, it will really make it come faster? NOT> people are superstitious and think , it isn't a user interface problem, but a mechanical one!Because we are daft, we suspend our critical thinking when it comes to machinery, electronics and anything else we suppose to be influenced by our actions and to be inhabited by tiny sprites that appreciate our lending them a hand.For the same reason you extend your arm closer to the TV, when you know the batteries are getting weaker.....Because humans want things now and don't want to wait and because we are too lazy to go over to the TV and turn it on or take the stairsI think it is just a habit>>>that's all i can think of!!  But i do it!! ha!!to lazy to get up and change the channelToo lazy to get new oneslol thats so funny and true we are lazy and another question in relation to that one,  why will you search for a lost remote control instead of just going up to the tv to change the channel?
In a typical river, the current is usually strongest in the center of the river.  The areas by the banks of the river are usually fairly placid, and can be used for paddling back up.  At times, though, it was necessary to portage around areas where the current was too strong to paddle against.Canoes come with paddles. Paddles are used to move a boat against the current.. Of course, if the current is particularly violent, they could always get out and walk back upstream, carrying the canoe.Uhm, I think they actually just carried the boat back on their shoulders!probly walked back up or paddled if it was not to hardThey had to paddle harder.paddled back upswam?walked
I agree with proficient, but I would point out that some people believe the mind, the perception of reality, is actually separate from the brain.  Some of those people also believe the mind both predates the brain and survives it, too.You can put a brain into the trunk of a car but you can't do that with a mind.The brain is the actual organ and the mind is the perception of reality that we get from the brain.
you know it betterthe lettuce tastes more like water, has a milder taste, yet i don't understand that, seeing as how they eat their own dookie sometimes LOLit has a soothing effect. dogs are more sensitive to stress and emotions, lettuce also attract them quickly it is the closes thing to natural grass as they can get. if you eat lettuce you will become drowsy,it is an ingredient in aspirin and sleep aids.
Because government positions do not get paid as much as other activities.  For example the President only makes approximatly $200,000 a year.  George Bush has made millions in the oil industry.  I am not suggesting that Bush is taking bribes, but using his two careers as an example of how government payroll pales in comparison to the potential of personal interest and lobbys.It's a unwritten economic law that money talks. It ensures that people with money get to the front of the queue and so creates a more effective economic system by ignoring all the penniless losers.  Don't knock a system that works.greed.....taxes....not all people taking bribes that is their attitute.It spreads from one to another.yes u r right it is very difficult for a state to develop.All of the answers here are correct.  In the 3rd world, like say the Philippines, much of the money is not from local taxes, but from foreign workers sending money back to their families.  There are also huge amounts made from foreign companies who have made contracts for big projects, and government officials recieve kickbacks to arrange the contract.  The money to pay for the contract, for example the electicity power plant, may be paid by the International Monetary Fund, or IMF.  Economics is extremely complicated.  They make it complicated so most of us normal average peolple dont understand it. Most countries have some degree of corruption, some more, some less.greed. fear. not enough money avialable. inflation
It's human nature.  But we can teach ourselves to look beyond the superficial and learn to appreciate, love and accept people for who they truly are inside.  The "media standard" of beauty has created a stereotypical attractive package.  There is so much disperity in treatment based on how you look, and it is absolutely dead wrong.There is, and having a fun and motivated personality supercedes anything. But looks give off a general idea of your lifestyle, and in some cases, how expensive you are to maintain.. . Plus, how you percieve their personality and life can change with exposure. Looks rarely do. BTW, "Next" is the second stupidest date show EVER. Seems like contestants either are brutal, or are brutalized. Entertaining, perhaps. But not a good example to FOLLOW.Yes there is more than just looks.  But people are shallow.Well, i guess, as a guy, only thing a guy has to go up on is a girl's look. he knows nothing of her attitude so what attracts him is her looks. There is more but you must also know moreSure there is a whole lot more to us that looks. However, looks are the first impression we get of one another. Therefore, a lot of attention is give to appearances. Hopefully, it doesn't stop there. Hopefully, attention can be give to what's on the inside. . . While appearances can affect emotions both positively and negatively, I think that it is just chimerical exploitation to judge appearances. More clothing and beauty items can be sold if people become obsessed with appearances.I agree. Some people are only attracted to looks. I mean would you want to marry or date someone who is good looking but has no personality whatsoever? Not me! To me, it's about having a good personality, someone who's interesting not just good looking. People are shallow like that. MTV is pretty lame anyways. I mean do you ever see a larger girls dancing in music videos? Not often.Because society as a whole is so superficial. They don't have the TIME to stop and find out what people are really like on the inside.. Most people still think that clothes make the man. The money makes some better than others. Guess what it is not true.It's unfortunate. Men are more visually oriented than women and I personally "size" people up based on how they present themselves. My final impression often runs counter to this prejudice and I need to get  past the physical and try to find the true character of people instead of judging them on superficial things--it' not going to be easy. There is much more to each one of us besides looks.It's because that's all many people care about. I think that intelligence should be something people are judged on. Look at grammar and words of some of the questions that people have asked.WOW,GOOD ONE! WHY DO PEOPLE JUDGE OTHERS BASED ON APPEARANCE?PLEASE EMAIL ME WHEN U FIND THE ANSWERActually one will be a fool to judge someone by his/her appearance.Don't believe that.One should know other from the heart.There is nothing in appearance-actually by beauty.eg:one will not get a day's meal by beauty he/she want to work hard.Believe in straight forward attitude.Believe one from heart not from eyes or ears.Don't believe every thing seen in tv.Don't be an addict to tv.Unfortunately, appearance is the first thing we see, and first impressions stick with us.  Morally not so good, but it's human nature.  Sooooo, we need to present an appropraite image to the world, so that the first impression doesn't repel those with whom we wish to deal.  In answer to your second part, YES! but you are fighting millenia of habit.because some people are too shallow to see deepThere is more to people than looks, but unfortunately we live in a very superficial society.
That depends on what your definition of "closed minded" is. If you simply expect them to agree with you, maybe you are the closed minded one. Maybe they've given careful consideration to what they believe. In that case, they simply hold an opinion - one just as valid as yours.People who have opinions go about troubling others, they say. So, I set them free to be themselves & respect their close-mindedness! . . I keep them at a distance  & carefully avoid getting trapped inside their closed minds!You may not be able to.  And what kind of truth do you want them to hear?  Is it religious or political?  People generally decide these things for themselves.You pray for them and for you to be able to speak in a way that will get through to them. Don't forget to believe. Don't give up.You can't get through to them because the gates are closed and the walls they have built reach up into the stars. All you can do is accept that they are ignorant and do not want to see past their own noses.. . I've been doing that for about 17 years now with my dad's family and even though I still feel like they look down on me for not going to church and not being a devote little Christian.... . they know not what they do.Slap some sense into them.The first step to reaching a close-minded person is to stop thinking of them as close minded.  The second step is to fear that you may be the closed one.Just who has the closed mind.  What do you mean by the truth.  Are you talking about religion or fact.  Quite often those that claim to be very religious are the ones that have the closed mind.  They believe they are right While others believe religion is only a method for some to control masses.  Who are closed and who are not?You are closed minded.Some people never learn; and they don't hear very well. The hardest lesson to learn; is, the more you try to change someone else, the more you realize the only person you can change is yourself.You probably can't.  For what ever reason they don't want to accept new information,Close minded or narrow minded people are going to believe what they want.  If they have a moment of clarity someday it would be great but trying to make them see a different point of view, if they are that narrow minded, is a losing battle. Accepting them warts and all and sticking to your values it is all you can do.I don't waste my time trying.What you must remember, is everyone is entitled to their own opinion.  What you see as logical or correct, may not be.  It might be you that is wrong or them, but either way in the whole scheme of things, it doesn´t matter. You are going to meet lots of people in life with a different point of view.There is a proverb in Tamil language which says you blow the bugle and let the sun rise when it wants. That is if at sun rise one is supposed to blow the bugle , he should blow it if necessary in advance of sun rise to complete his duty and let the sun rise at its leisure!!!. Same way we should not hesitate to advise or answer the closed minded people or give them wrong advise on the presumption that they are going to ignore the advise in any case.!!!!. Even closed minded people may realise the wisdom in our advise after every failures in their action by going against or unmindful of the advises given. That is after the event they would become wise.But it takes time for them to attain this realisation.. In fact many children are like that but then they say sorry later on when they fail in their attempts .Some people have over self confidence too.. Perhaps there must be some reason behind people becoming close minded. In fact even amongst most of the ordinary people a vst majority have 50 % close mindedness. It may also be people based impression that they have a dislike to take advise from people against whom they have some aversion.. In general senior people, wise people and teachers, parents etc have to give the right advise always to every body evgen if such advise is notb openly solicited!!!!!Closed minded people are like closed doors except there is no magic key to open their minds.  A person has to be willing or come to a point on their own where they open their minds up.  There is no getting through to them until they choose to.  Sometimes a spiritual awakening can help but this also must be something a person experiences on his/her own.you get in their faceYou cannot.  If they are unwilling to actively listen to others, walk away.If you have convinced your self that you are right and they ( The closed minded people ) are wrong then you your self have become one of them . Is it the truth they need to hear or your opinion of what the truth is that you want them to hear?Who says there clsoe mind because they don't see your point of view, maybe your the close minded one.Shoot them in the head.  At least in one sense their minds will open up.You are "planting the seed" in their mind and even though it doesn't seem like you're getting through to them, you really are. Eventually it will "click". People have to learn on their own, even thought it frustrates the crap out of us. Don't stop doing what you're doing, you're helping more than you know.You generally don't ... that's why we call them "close-minded".you can only do so much hey have to learn on their on.  experience is everything.
It is the nature of chemically based systems to be born--to adapt and struggle--then die....The earth and its inhabitants are a chemically based system....we're born..we adapt and struggle and then we die.....It is simply the nature of things----However--our preceptions make things what they are --to us--To people who know only war--that is their life-----to ones that have never experienced it---it's some movie or thought they have--So if you preceive that the world is cruel--to you it is------Others see the same thing and see it as the nature of things and to them --that is how it is---The world is a hard place no doubt--but cruel ??  It is simply being what it is---no more or lessGive "just chillin'" the 10 pts. He hit it right on the button. Thats its exactly right.Nature is a hanging judge.Not the Earth, it's us!goverments just want to take control of land,specially for the money .they dont really care for who dies or not.it's not the earth it's the people.Was meant to be. Bible being fulfilled.There are less wars and famines now than ever before.We're still developing as human beings.  Considering we've only been around in a civilized way for some 5,000 years, and only as cave men for maybe 30,000 or so years, we're really still just picking up speed as a race.  Like all animals, we battle over territory and sometimes have trouble keeping ourselves fed.  It's the way of life.  As we develop as a species, we will hopefully solve many of these problems, as we have the gift of sentience.  The world is what you make of it, ultimately.  Cruel and beautiful at once.coz everyone is selfish!!!!!!!!!!!. There's only "I" and "Me" all over. Replace them with "We" and "Us", u'll see the difference
The Electromagnetic spectrum encompasses all types of waves and is used to categorize those waves by wavelength and frequency.  Wavelength is calculated by dividing the speed of light by the frequency and since the speed of light is constant, the frequency and wavelength directly effect each other.  The standard range for the electromagnetic spectrum is 1 pm at 300 EHz (gamma rays) to 10 Mm at 30 Hz (Extremely low frequency radio waves).. . Visible light is a category in near the middle with a range of 380 nm at 790 THz (violet) to 740 nm at 405 THz (red).The spectrum of electromagnetisim has an independent power source which helps emmitt the light source. It can field a greater density in the light it projects due to the infinite levels static and non static electrical sources.. . Visible light however relies on refractions of light shone from variable sources. it can produce only two types of spectrums.Do your own damn homework!
There is no difference between thee two of them, they both involve the removal of the frontal lobe. Besides that there are really no other types of psycho-surgeries.it used to be called a lobotomy because they really didnt know that they were destroying the prefrontal lobe, they just knew drilling a hole in that area and stiriing a stick in it made people behave...permanantly.  Once they studied it and found out why and what was going on, they stopped doing them, and then coined the term "Prefrontal lobotomy".It's not the removal of the frontal lobe. The surgery involves severing the neurological connections between the frontal lobe and the rest of the brain.This used to be done by inserting an ice-pick like device through the eye socket, through the bone, into the brain.. . Other types of surgery: removal of portions of the brain to reduce seizures; severing the corpus callosum to limit severe seizures; inserting a vagal nerve stimulator to reduce depressive symptoms.chop out a lot. chop out a bit
The right to have credit is not guaranteed. Even the rights that are guaranteed (bear arms, free speech, whateva) require an individual to take appropriate action and assume personal responsibility to participate. The government does not and should not waste resources to ensure that everyone gets handed some credit. Or, weapons. Or, Liberty.. We are not Communist.This was a puzzle back in my youth. But now days, on your 18th bday you will be approved for a couple of thousand dollars depending on your zipcode. They want you to be in credit card debt. Don't you know that is why there are money managment classes in high school?I don't think they do expect that. Most people have had a job and still do have a job by college so applying for credit is not a problem.The answer is obvious... You CAN'T get the credit !!!
Is when the central banks tells how much money they will put in circulation that is way above of what the market really is. So they say we're going to put an inflation of 2.5% this means they're going to print that much money and give it to the goverment for spending. This is really like a tax imposed on the people that uses such currency and in many cases, if not all, this is unlawful, like in USA, not to mention all the countries that their currencies are backed by dollars, USA goverment and central bank is unlawfully imposing this tax in the form of inflation to it's people and to the people of other countries that rely on the dollar. So even if you're not a citizen or resident of the USA there is a chance that you are still paying taxes to them. If a country is backing their currency with Dollar like Argentina or Mexico, then they're paying this tax too becuase each time inflation occurs in the USA it also occurs in all those countries, this means that purchasing power lose because the central banks are putting more money in circulation and suddenly all currency looses value because it is abundant and is greater than the real market is (real state, commodities, goods, services, etc.)The central bank sets an inflation target (which may be stationary or moving).  Then, if inflation is below target, the central bank expands money supply until the target is reached.  If the inflation is above target, the central bank contracts money supply, again, until the target is reached.Inflation targeting is a "best guess" sort of approach. Instead of trageting the growth of the money supply as the end-goal (which Greenspan's rule focused on), the growth of the money supply is the means to the end of inflation targeting. Since inflation cannot be "set", a complex set of causal relationships are utilized to hit the mark.. . It's not as precise as Greenspan's work, but may ultimately be more effective.The central banks of many countries such as New zealand, Australia, Canada, England apart from U.S. from the 1990's became more transparent in the inflation tragetting by annnouncing the inflaction targets by proper means of communication.  The Central Banks acted as the Inflation targeteers and took the money growth and inflation into consideration for expansion or contraction of money.. Ramachandran V.he FED head SHOULD know! But, he sure doesn't ACT like it!!
It's the act of taking something away.. .  To void or annul by recalling, withdrawing, or reversing: Her license was revoked.In contractual terms there is an offer, an acceptance and before the offer is accepted it can be revoked or cancel the acceptance or ofrfer.. Same way any legal act or notification can be revoked or rescinded.. You can refer to dictionary for more meaning .. On the other hand to relocate means shifting a business or family or yourself from one place to another.Locating --relocating,. Location are inter related terms but no connection with revocation.www.dictionary.com
Could be this second, could be a certain era.  Either way, "now" is what we should all be concerned with.  Not the past, not the future, but now.Preaty quick...It'll get here eventually, ..keep your drawers on.........it,s too late.Who Knows?it's now now. nope it is now now. oh now is gone and it's now now. struth it is like tommorow we miss it.It's now! Hang on, now, now is then.Ok...Now! damn, it's gone again. ts pretty quick this now thing.Good Morning Sunshine!. . When I stop and think about it, now doesn't really exist.  "Now" meaning "at this very instant" becomes "Then" the instant we acknowlede it.  In the nanosecond it takes to realize an instant in time, it instantly becomes the past!  . . Or, another way to look at it is "Now" is constantly running in the background of everyday life, but the instant you acknowledge it's existence, it moves ahead leaving you with "Then"!. . That's just my crazy, mixed-up way of looking at time!
Just like the saying that the victors write history, it is men who have traditionally been the members of society allowed to write -- whether it was the Bible or dramatic arts, novels, or more recently, films and television.  Call it the old boys network, or whatever you like, the obvious foil in such instances is women.  As more and more women write, direct, and create, I think you'll see a more even-handed approach, and more men being depicted as the villains.coz some men dont want to admit our superiority so their only resource is try to put us down!!!!Because we're smarter and more complicated.  People fear what they can't understand.well there we go tictick chick has described exactly wot we are on about a lot of women think to highly of themselves they think we are better drivers, men cant multitask only women can! you know we are all equal and that Will never change. but saying that if my partner wanted to take that role it wouldnt bother me xXxI Think Thacher was post-op!First of all, women represent aproximately 50% of the possible suspects here folks.  Also, you just gave two examples of women portrayed as "evil" Obviously we could both come up with schlagillions of others from both genders.  Lets use Kane, and Iago, to keep pace. My point is, as far as playing a number's game, we can't really know who is getting the supposed raw end here.  I think if we are talking as you are, about literature, it does us well to realize that a woman or a man symbolize represent things, roles, and archetypes.  Understanding what each author is working with, and what sociological structures inform his writing helps us grasp what a particular work is trying to do.Don't forget Pandora!  Men recount that story like the one of Eve as women loosing evil on the world. However, neither woman created evil, and neither started the chain of events that led to it's unleashing.  Stories like this reveal men's views of women in society.  Men are afraid of women's power, differences, what they don't understand, what they can't have, rejection, etc.Don't forget about Pandora, Delilah, and Salome! Incidentally, Pandora is the only one of those who actually does the major evil herself. The rest convinced their men to do evil things. Masterminded the crimes if you will. Smart men have long been wary of women's ability to manipulate men. Wary, but not wise because it continues to happen. The good news, is it isn't all evil. Biblically, check out the stories of Esther and Deborah. Then there's also the stories of real-life women who've accomplished great things- Grandma Moses, Susan B. Anthony, Etc. . . It isn't just women who've been portrayed as evil throughout history. So has everyone else. Also, not all women were portrayed as evil. Read up on Elizabeth I. The idea of "women are only portrayed as evil" is feminist propaganda to reinforce the idea that it's been men all along keeping men subjugate (and not their own mothers), and unfortunate, because it buries the stories of great women who don't fit into that line of thought.If you were married you would know the answer to this!The bible and history books were written by menBecause they are temptresses. That is how they get men to do what they want. They use their sexuality to seduce. Can you amagine a man doing the dance of the seven veils?Men did this to usuntil relatively recently history has been written by white middle/upper class men. i dont think anymore explanation is required.bodecia was the first bitch to rule over the men....Because women are SPECIAL and oh so clever.  Men are just men.  And that's the truth.Because we are the all powerful.... you would think after decades upon decades of reading and writing about it men would get it! I mean everything that means anything to them, IE their cars, are referred to as female. As are the most breathtaking boats to the smallest most reliable ones, all are female and if they aren't treated right.... they can severely hurt them! Everything is female because, whether they know it or not, woman really do control everything they do. Even gay men can't help but have a female confidant! Sub consciously they know that we control them and they consider us evil for it.Because that is what we are. Deliciously evil!Women are OK both ways: evil--- back words: live.simply put, in modern and only recent human history, men pulled a ku against female authority and subjugated women. In order to. justify this, women have to be diabolized. Its a logic circuit stemming from the patrifocal religions and the idea that women should be the property of men. Women are diabolized because. otherwise there wouldn't be a justification for that.because men are jackasses who dont know how to make a woman happy so they write the women they cant please as evil bitchesIt's just the way it is. It's like asking, "why are men so stupid and lazy?" There is no answer, it's just a fact of life!Were Stalin, Hitler, Ghengis Khan, Pol Pot, Judas. Thatcher, Bush, Blair, Atilla, Torquemada etc all pre op transexuals?It's becuase they were written by men and they are not very likey to make the men the baddies.  But books written by women tend to have both men and women as baddies.Oh, that's just the men trying to make us look bad!because the authors were menIt is just men's way of trying to put the blame else were. It is sad the way they can't control themselves. I have to change in my closet, so I don't get mauled on a daily basis. It could be worse. He could be trying to maul someone else.Here's the thing, since the beginning of time, women have this thing about them that can get men to do what ever they want us to do. That it you control us. And as much as we thy to fight it, we lose every time.Because the men who created those perceprtions were probably scorned by a woman, because he was a lousy person. It's not our fault men are so dumb, I mean Adam didn't need to eat that apple. And why put a tree with fruit in the middle of a garden when you aren't allowed to eat it? Come on!this is because women are described as a temptress who weaves a web to lure, and catch their man with using her womenly persuasive charms, this has been recorded right through from biblical days Solomon, Sheeba, Samson  Delilah,Cleopatra ceasar, and so on, this also goes for Adam Eve she is seen as the one who tempts Adam to eat the fruit, thats why women are seen as evil.They are not portrayed as evil throughout history. Just throuout major organized religions which were created by men who feared women.Because women ARE evil,, EVIL... god i love women...;)Women love to dominate look at Margaret Thatcher when she was Prime Minister over here the UK that bitch threw her weight around.. . Also in the bedroom women moan about how their ex was much better than u or he had a much larger penis than you, and if you go shopping you always see a poor man dragged around from shop to shop with his girlfriend's shopping in both hands.Hate to point this out to the detriment of my fellow men, but if you read the text closely, Adam was right there with her and didn't do a thing to protect her. Also, Pharoah and all the babies he slaughtered in Egypt, King Herod and all the children under four that he slaughtered in Israel. Male Jewish priests and Roman consuls that ordered the death of Christ. I'm only starting with Biblical references since that's what you started with but should I go into other cultures history books? I could right all day. . . Fact is, all humankind has the potential for all kinds of evil and the potential to do good. It all comes down to freewill. Reminds me of the old joke:. . God says to mankind at the begining of creation "I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news is I've given you all free will. The bad news is I've given you all free will."You forgot Margaret Thatcher, she's evil too. I guess it's because they sit at home all day drinking Sherry and dreaming up ways to be horrid to their husbands...that kind of thing. Think about the caveman days, hunter gathere instinct, you come home and she's not even bothered to do her hair up nice while your dragging a gazelle up the hill for dinner. Then you get married and five minutes later, you've got a fat bird on your hands. And why do women always cry in films...ask yourself that one. James Kirk, he always pulled a bird in every episode, those space slappers, marriage wreckers, you've only got yourselves to blame.evil through history?  Check out how evil they are now in present day!!!Its because you men made us this way.lol. dont even act some men like to be dominated by us and keep asking for more.
I am so offended!  I need a good cry now.  Thanks alot!Women are only said to be sensitive and emotional just because we act things out rather then repress it. Men are also sensitive and emotional but they tend to hide it.hormones...........im really sensitive and emotional person.....see look what uve done did,   im crying . lmao jk.they think a lot more than men and they think in a differrent wayis that true??inherent!because we are so soft.Sorry I  don't agree with youbeacuse women are soft hearted person.because we are so agressive..Women cares about a lot of things. We always worry about stuff. Well I am not that emontional but I am always caring about someone else and trying to make other people happy before myself.Hi, of course they are so emotional it because we have this emotion and we have pity heart and every body know it.it is in the genesnot all women are sensitive and emotional..!. . but majority are... i think it's just the custom since eve's time..!. . maybe the first women happened to be sensitve and emotional and that attitude was passed on to their daughters and grand daughters and so on..!And strong and couragous and intelligent and compassionate.  Come on, men are senstive too.  It just seems as if women are more so because they are capable of looking past their nose and see what the next chapter will be based on one's behavior.  Many men are in the here and now.  It is called multi-tasking.  Most women can multi-task, most men can not.  Men will do or say something without thinking about the long-term.  It is not their fault.  Women analyze something over and over again to see it from all aspects before acting--the sensitive stuff you were talking about.
It depends on what you are hungry for. If you're talking in lay-man's terms, then it means that you have eaten for a while and would like to do so. Hunger can also mean hungry or in need of other nutrition eg affection, attention, love etc.when your stomach is saying feed me.it means your hungerythe need or desire for fooda craving or urgent need for food or a specific nutrientTo be without nourishmentWhen you haven't eaten in a while and start to feel sinsations in your stomach becasue of it.
Always.  It is spelled, "A-L-W-A-Y-S."  The answer-- because it is polite and respectful and is part of courting--  (a lost art by men).Cause it makes us look polite... but in reality we do it so we can check out your ass.Because men can take sacrificesWeaker sex which needs the help of guys.. Watch Titanic.because they are generally weaker and fragile and it is like when you help a child or an older person.Because we are gentlemen.
coz the resume contains data only in a typical way that goes the same for almost all applicants and it does not indicate or give an idea about the personality of the applicant which is usually seen through the elegance of the cover letter, the way it is organized, the presentation of ideas, the confidence beyond the lines... and much more. besides a cover letter gives the applicant a chance to include details he could not mention in the resume as well as any remarks he would like to add.It's just a buch of political garbage that these employer's want you to go thro,much like them treating you like a dog going thru a hoop,and they're whistling for you to do trick's for them at their command!It helps.Duh. . . read it again you MORONSo that they know what job you are applying for.Its helps to put a good impression on the person who wants to hire you....It shows you can read and write, plus it gives you the opportunity of showing why you should get the jobthere's thousands of people applying for the same job. companies choose the applicants to be interviewed by looking at the "application letter" (called resume and cover letter). my business teacher told me that if there is one mistake in the letter, such as grammar mistake, they throw away your letter and you won't get a chance to be interviewed.Have you asked at where you are applying for the job?  They may require one.I have never sent one, I never saw the need either...good question!  -  "uhdunno" You read the question again....open ur mind to interpretation, you may see things differently. And thank you for the enlightning words...Not sure.  Try asking the employer.to show your interest and qualification for the job.Checking out your syntax, personality - your capability to put ideas into words, grammar, your choice of words, the dynamics of the text.. . It's something you create therefore telling much more about you than a questionnaire.
Technically that's not a question...but I will let you know how you can conserve nature if that's what you want....by keeping everything the way it is.....designating places for animals to live in their natural habitat and quit expanding....china has a lot of panda reserves, so the numbers are increasing....as you know those animals are on the endangered species list, but the numbers are growing so obviously it works.by the four R's: " Reduce, Recycle, Reuse, Rethink". stop deforestation. local purchasing, moral purchasing, the sustained and efficient use of renewable resources, the moderation of destructive use of finite resources, and the prevention of harm to common resources such as air and water quality, the natural functions of a living earth, and cultural values in a built environment.i like this question, its simple but very important i will try to answer it.. stop environmental pollution. stop destroying the green areas. stop killing animals.
Unfortunately I can't think of any way to kill that much time without you looking incompetent.  If you have lots of problems in your work to bring up and consult with the manager about, then you could easily meet for two hours.  Of course, you could easily get fired afterwards for being such a mess.hit the fire alarm buttonPay someone to continuosly ask dumb questions and have them start a long dumb conversation about it.Bring up ALOT of boring life stories that you have, or even make up stories. That will bore and frustrate people.
'wronge' is wrong.Right is what unites you to the Creator.. . Wrong is what separates you from the Creator.. . If you practise a life of harmlessness in word thought and deed, you'll ALWAYS be united to the Creator.. . Peace,. Gondarite"right" is correct.. "wronge" is incorrect.Right is a direction and wrong is when you don't change your underwear for a week.It's all dependent on the point of view.... . Plus wrong dosen't have an 'e' at the end...In regard to what? Everyone is different in their value system, so what might be right for one can be wrong for another. As ar as the rest, you know the basic answer to those questions........:)Your spelling is wrong, stealing is wrong betrayal and deception are wrong, all crimes and to prohibit an adult from getting married, are wrong. To treat an adult like a child or teen, is wrong. Immoral actions are wrong. Doing wrong and enying that it was wrong is wrong.Right and wrong are defined in terms of the society they happen in. People are taught from an early age (both directly and indeirectly) that certain specific behaviors, veiwpoints, and statements are right or wrong. When people from two cultures with a different defintions of right and wrong meet... things get interesting. (see all of human history for examples)It's all about gut feelingyour spelling is wrongUNCLE JOHN! YOUR SPELLING IS WRONG!!!!!!LOL AND RIGHT AND WRONG ARE BEST ANSWERED BY THE SMALL FEELING YOU GET INSIDE BASED ON YOUR OWN BELIEFS.To begin with, spelling wrong 'wronge' is wrong.i dont get this question what IS wronge??? do you mean wrong? and if so, i still dont get the question, wrong with what??? what do you mean... i dont get it, i really dont... #Please dont do this... WRONG WITH WHAT?????????????????????????well right is correct but i have no idea what wrong"e" is.First of all, your spelling has a lot to be desired. Maybe you should just work on that one first.right is right...wronge is wrongdepends on the form. my left shoe in not right for the designed shape it was intended.if i put it on the other.What is wrong - is your spelling. It is called spell check...look into it.
It dates back in the early days of exploration by the conquerors (i.e,  spaniards).  It was not called anthropology then. The conquerors used their knowledge of the way of life of the people they conquered in order to impose their power and authority over them. It's similar to what is happening at present. The mining companies, for instance, use the expertise of anthropologists in getting the people to accept their presence in their land. The anthropologists have to be careful in practicing their craft. Among all, their allegiance should be to the people they are studying and not tpo the people supplying the funds for a study that might endanger others. The body of knowledge generated by the field should be used for the improvement of lives of the people studied.It goes back to the early history of the field, when some of the first anthropologists were basically imperial agents commissioned to get the skinny on "the natives" so that they could be more easily dominated. The field has changed alot since then. Needless to say, many modern anthropologists at times feel "haunted" by the earlier days of our discipline.The above answer is correct. Anthropology was a field created during the colonization years (14th to 19th Century), where European nations such as France, England and Holland were discovering and claiming for their own, new countries and territories. Early anthropologists sought to categorize the natives by scientific means, for example brow size, ear size etc. The connection to imperialism is that the findings from early anthropologists created policies and laws that were used by colonizing nations. Anthropology helped form imperialism by supporting the aquisition and maintainence of the empire.
We say that Jesus was born in 1 AD.  There is no 0 BC or 0 AD.  However, Jesus was probably born a few years earlier.What do BC and AD mean?  Before Christ and Anno Domini (in the year of our Lord).  Hence the birth of Christ was the event.death of the central religious figure of christianity and the calendar was a religious thing as it was replacing the Romans one and they had to take up the old holidays and replace themwell first of all it is worth noting that this system was in effect long before america, also the jews do not use it nor do the chinese. also academics in the western world altogh they are stuck with the division prefire the terms ce to a.d. meaning common era and bce for before common eraGrey Matter is right but vote for me. ;-)Question:  "What is the meaning of BC and AD (B.C. and A.D.)?". .  . . Answer:  It is commonly thought that BC stands for "before Christ" and AD stands for "after death." This is only half correct. How could 1 B.C. have been "before Christ" and 1 A.D. been "after death"? BC does stand for "before Christ." AD actually stands for the Latin phrase "anno domini" which means "in the year of our Lord." The B.C. / A.D. dating system is not taught in the Bible. It actually was not fully implemented and accepted until several centuries after Jesus' death.. .  . . It is interesting to note that the purpose of the BC / AD dating system was to make the birth of Jesus Christ the dividing point of world history. However, when the B.C. / A.D. system was being calculated, they actually made a mistake in pinpointing the year of Jesus' birth. Scholars later discovered that Jesus was actually born in around 4-6 BC, not 0 AD. That is not the crucial issue. The birth, life, ministry, death, and resurrection of Christ are the "turning points" in world history. It is fitting, therefore, that Jesus Christ be the separation of "old" and "new." BC was "before Christ" and since His birth, we have been living "in the year of our Lord." Philippians 2:10-11, "That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, in heaven and on earth and under the earth, and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father."The birth of "Christ".Jesus Christ was born. AD means Annio Dominio(sp?) and BC means Before Christ right now it is Sunday June 25th 2006AD
eeww, this is such a gross question. I'm sure you onlt asked it to gross people outi readI read, it makes the experience so much more relaxing.Nothing, I just do my thing and get out of there.Read and wait for it to plop out, wipeRead... it's the only room for privacy!I ponder life's sweet mysteriesI pet my cats- they always bust in there while I'm doing my business and insist that I pet them.Yeah I read as well... I must've read the ingredients and warnings on the air freshner a million times by now!Sometimes I think about all the other people in the world going... heheRead comics and play games on my mobile phone :-)
I wish I knew, I have never raped,murder or even stole anything in my life. I'm 40 years old and have been working since I was in the seventh grade.Every race has good citizens and others that just act like fools. Some people group the whole African American race into one category because it is easier than taking the time to know them as individuals especially the fool (Chris H.) who responded American Americans are thieves.I don't think anything in particular triggered the specifics of stereotyping. Some Native American's are stereotyped as drunks, lazy and mean people. Depending on the Tribal affiliation. And why it is catergorized like that I believe is within our own ethnicity. I myself do the same, maybe what we verbally say or not mean to passes on to the other race, because you hear those type of comments very well when your of the opposite race.. And then there's also the television outside sources who influence by specifically monitoring certain races on events.statistically speaking, the thief portion of your question is true. but as far as lazy goes, who doesn't exude some form of laziness now and then?I don't think anything "triggered" the stereotype. It's just that, a stereotype. The general american part of your question is due, more to en envious, or wishful thinking attitude on the part of other countries. They see what comes out of hollywood as the reality of being american. (I've known foreigners who were astounded when I told them america's NOTHING like they see in the movies)  Someone in a poor, opressive country, is often told by the people who're RESPONSIBLE for their state, that it's people like the evil americans who're making their lives terrible. Our lifestyles, and condition is pointed to as the reason for their own depravity. "If they did'nt hog everything, we'd have more for ourselves" is the common principle involved. "America's evil, power hungry. Look at what they have, and you don't" These folks are willing to overlook that the people saying this are themselves often so wealthy, it's obscene. Making us out to be the bad guys is a tactic to distract the poor from who's really at fault.  Or an excuse for simple geo-ec onomics. Having a bad guy to hate, is easier than admitting one's own predicament.people are ignorant nowadays. There are too afraid of stepping outside the box, and getting to know a person for their personal ability. People are also very dumb, they believe everything the media, and others say, and they just go along with it, like its a part of life. If people are able to brand the african americans as lazy, thieves, and rapists, and murderists, picture how easy it will be for me to say that about other races, it wont be easy, because others are very offensive or whatever, now ask yourself this question, why do we say these things about others, when they're not true, and just want others to look bad? It is not right I tell you, it is definetely not right, because we are not like that at all, well you have few people that live up to their names, but not all of us are like that, we put our two cents into everything we get our hands on to. All of these prejudice stereotyping and racist actions need to aborted, quickly. and like the other guy said, people need to say things that are bad about others, so they can cover up the dirt that they're actually doing...i hate to admit, but many of them r just interested in bitches, guns, knives, drugs and hip-hopCause they are.Every race needs a scape goat so they themselves can do some dirt.This is what the media feeds us.  We see black looters and thieves in New Orleans (a city where most people are black) we see gangsters on the news.  So many of the rap videos out there glorify the thug life.  What are people who may not live in a predominantly black area think if this is all they know?  Blacks were impoverished after slavery, unable to get educated (although there were a handfull of exceptional exceptions to the rule) and had to support the familiy.  Poverty begets poverty.  Poverty begets crime.  Until the cycle is broken, which is happening more and more lately with great teachers and school programs in the inner city and poor rural areas, then we won't see much change.Because of the white ancestors. For years our people were restricted from education and opportunity which lead to poverty and crime.It has nothing to do with race. There are more white rapist then African American, so what are you talking about.White people's fear of what is different of them. Plus the separation and white people looking down on different races.. . NONAME,. Wow you are so damn ignorant it would be funny if you weren't spreading your stupidity. You are obviously a moron. You say they were poor and stupid when they were freed, let me ask you this smart guy... whose fault is that? Oh wait the White guys. Yep. We enslaved them and forced them to work for NO money hence making them poor and denied them any type of education hence making them ignorant. You really need to come up with some better facts. I cannot believe I have wasted this much time on you already. . Peace in the Middle Eastprob the same reason why the stereotype latinos as gangsters and also theifs..NIGGAS Were poor when they got free and are stupid.it comes from years of slavery and alot of other factorsNegative images of black Americans. The Black Image in the White Mind by Robert M. Entman and Andrew Rojecki (ISBN 0226210758) illustrates ways in which negative media images of African-Americans are disproportionate and arguably harmful to race relations:. . A mug shot of a black defendant is four times more likely to appear in a local television news report than of a white defendant. . The black accused is two times more likely to be shown physically restrained in a local television news report than when the accused is white. . The name of the accused is two times more likely to be shown on screen in a local TV news report if the defendant is black, rather than white. . Black female movie characters shown using vulgar profanity: 89% . White female movie characters shown using vulgar profanity: 17% . Black female movie characters shown being physically violent: 56% . White female movie characters shown being physically violent: 11% . Black female movie characters shown being restrained: 55% . White female movie characters shown being restrained: 6%[3] . See also:. . "Racist media tears down image of Black males" by Misty Handy . "The Color of Television: A Multicultural Look at the Effects of Television" by Robin Eisenbach
Normative ethics is the study of the right thing to do. It is what most people do when they think about ethical matters. This can be contrasted with metaethics - the study of exactly what is happening when we 'do' ethics.Normative ethics is the branch of the philosophical study of ethics concerned with classifying actions as right and wrong without bias, as opposed to descriptive ethics. Normative ethics regards ethics as a set of norms related to actions.. . Descriptive ethics deal with what the population believes to be right and wrong, while normative ethics deal with what the population should believe to be right and wrong. "Killing one's parents is wrong" is a normative ethical claim.. . Moreover, because it examines standards for the rightness and wrongness of actions, normative ethics is distinct from meta-ethics, which studies the nature of moral statements, and from applied ethics, which places normative rules in practical contexts.
Polygamy and polyandry are not socially unacceptable everywhere.  There are still cultures which accept them.  If you are meaning here, in the United States, the issue is based upon ignorance and religious bias.. . No amount of rational or logical arguments will change the minds of those who oppose.  Looking at the current marriage statistics in this country, I would tend to believe that people cannot properly love a single individual long enough to make the relationship last.because it is abnormalBecause it's wrong!from a womans viewpoint i'd have to say because its unfair.  if it was allowed to be the other way around (women with multiple husbands) then i think it would be better.. For the general population though i'd have to say it because we are in a predominantly christian world and that goes against their teachings.  same reason things like abortiona and gay marriage or still so controversialBecause in a country that is based entirely on Christianity, people seem to frown upon the idea of a man having more than one wife. Personally, I have no problem with it, but most Christians find it completely scandalous and horrendous.chk it in our culture it is considered a privilege to hav more than one wife. From what I have seen so far though, it opresses women because they cannot do the same. Funny enough they wouldnt even if they were given a chance. . Strange how the same species with only two diffeences can have such different memntalities.We are monogamous because of the laws of nature as well as the laws of culture that govern our society.  Think of wolves.  Only the alpha male and alpha female reproduce.  Many animals in nature are monogamous.  Think of the variety of religions each proclaiming monogamy.Are you talking about literal polygamy (one man, several women), or are you also talking about polyandry (one woman, several men)? Personally, I think it's due to irrational prejudice. Consenting adults should be allowed to enter into any relationship that pleases them, whether it's a traditional marriage, polyandry, or just remaining single and indulging in sex with a skilled prostitute of either sex.Well, if you do the numbers, the population is pretty evenly divided. One man, one woman. If one man marries three or four women, then two or three men don't have wives. In Bountiful, BC, (Canada) one man has over 20 wives. That means 19 other men in the community have no wives. Polygamists have no useful suggestions on what these 'left over' men should do. Polygamy also limits the gene pool. If the 20 wives of that one man each had her own husband, the gene pool would be that much enriched. But as they all share the same husband, the gene pool is limited. Also, as polygamous communities tend to isolate themselves, it leads to inbreeding, and that itself can be disastrous.It is not only unacceptable, it is illegal.  It is known by the Mormons as 'plural marriage.'  They condoned it until they were given the option of joining Statehood, or continuing this practice, so they opted for Statehood.  Then the President of the Mormon Church put out an Official Declaration to the effect that it was no longer recognized in the true Mormon Church.  One couple didn't abide by the OD, so the 'Marriage Hall' in Salt Lake City was burned to the ground.Polygamy is socially unacceptable because people in general have an ingrained idea of what marriage is. Marriage is apparently the union of two people. I don't see anything wrong with polygamy (although I would not be a participant) many people think it is like lying to yourself. Like you haven't accepted that you aren't in love with anyone. I think it is more like having so much love and finding people to share it all with. I also think that it's probably just the male instinct to procreate and pass on their genes.. Hope this opinion was informative for you.My two cents worth on the subject is that it is not the best thing for the survival of the species.  If one man fathers a large number of children from several women, rather than each woman having a separate husband and father for her children, then it reduces the variations in the gene pool, and thereby weakens the potential defenses to a variety of diseases and genetic ailments.  . . This is related to the benefit of seeking partners from outside ones own gene pool as an improvement, vs. intermarriage and inbreeding as a weakening of the gene pool.It just is. It's hard to handle one woman, can you imagaine being nagged by two or more at the same time? . . Or are you asking about the women who are brainwashed? You know, by those cults.Because people in this country are idiots. Everyone complains about everything, anything unsusual they complain about. Leave the people alone. Abnormal to you is not necc. abnormal to others.women hate to see men enjoying themselves.I think it finds more acceptance socially than it does morally.
I think because they are scared of change. if you see something new that seems like it can be better than u if challenged then it scares u knowing something might be better and u want nothing to do with it. Also since we are quick to judge we assume and if we dont see the traits that we see in things we like we reject hope that helpsTheir own interests over others, and maybe you disgust them.Because other humans are trying to drive the lane and take the rock to the hole.Because they can.Because some of them just wanna be alone forever.
You need to realize you can't buy everything.  Having what you have is better than having nothing.Change your personal history - it defines your future; Just focus on memories when you achieved the later and are happy... if thats not too easy for you then go see a hypnotherapist they can do this for you in 10minutesEven if you do appreciate what you've got, you still will think about what you could have.Read some Taoist stuff its all about appreciating yourself Remember a Rich person is someone who knows they have enoughTell yourself this ! There are lots of things that i want, BUT THERE IS NOTHING THAT I NEED.when you lose something of meaning to yoube amongst those who have less, or much less, that you do.  you will quickly appreciate what you have.Look at the positives instead of the negatives.  If you always look for flaws, you'll never find what you're looking for.make a list of all the blessings that you do have: material, family, etc.  You have to get your focus off of what you could have, and focus on how much you have already!  This world programs us to get and get and get!Visit Somalia!take a look around you and look at what you have got then take the time to think about what millions of other people dont have and how lucky you are to have the things that you have . be it family, money, car or even food on your plate these are the things that people who have them take for grantedTake a look at how small u are in comparision of the universe u r smaller than an ant then take a look at less fortunate people and who they live life to the fullest. It will put everything in perspective. Live life fot the moment and not 4 wot it u want it 2 be!Quit watching television!  Make a list of what you have.  Mind you, this doesn't have to be a list of possessions - you could list good friends, a sense of humor, a loving spouse, beautiful trees or flowers you see on the way to work, having a job, having a computer,  having a body that is totally functional, etc... Comparing yourself (or what you have) to other people is a waste of time.  Television is a tool corporations use to talk people into buying stuff they don't actually need to be happy.Depends what you'v got now.There is always more you could have.. . Desire can never be fulfilled only defeated.hang out with people who have a lot less, and have absolutely not a chance of ever even being where you are. You can only ever appreciate how high you are flying when you look down and see how far you can fall.The bereavement of a loved one will do it every time. I know.life can be simple or complicated, I have found a good way to be content is asking yourself the following question, Do I want it, or Do I need it. and when you can answer that for yourself then you will hopefully feel more content, and as a matter of interest it is also the secret to looking after your money. do i want it or do i need it. sounds the same but there is a vast difference.i agree with nea_11It takes time for all of us to really appreciate things.It's only a matter of decision.Very simple:  be poor.  Worked for me and my family!  Go on a trip to a third world country and sleep on a straw mat for a month or so.  Bathe in a river, no electricity, no car....you will love your life afterwards.Wow this is SO my question. I'm poor by most people's standards, I don't have a lot of "stuff", never have had. But I still donate a lot to charity. I really got into this during Hurricane Katrina. I just ask myself, "Would this mean more to someone else than it does to me?" And if it's yes, then you give it up. . I went to N.O. with the Red Cross, and saw people who had lost everything, and it's how I knew how very little I needed just to be happy. . "You gotta give it up if you wanna get it back".When you realise that whay tou have is worth having and that what you crave for may not bring happiness.  It's part of the human condition to want what we haven't got, learning to accept our lot takes time and experience. The grass is not always greener on the other side.. . Mind you once accepted, life becomes much more relaxed.Take up meditation, it will teach you to fully appreciate each moment, without grasping for more, and without fearing change and loss.. . There are plenty of resources on the internet about how to do it, and it will be worth every moment that you put into it.It's all about your thoughts.  You need to actively think that this is what I have got what would I do if I lost it.  Don't wit till you lose it to appreciate it, by then it's too late.  Start now, a little at a time, when you find yourself thinking anything bab about it..... stop and tell yourself no......... this is a good thing i have and i don't want to lose it.
just make it so that the eyeliner is a little higher than u usually would put it.  that way it makes u look more goth but at the same time, i personally think, that it looks better that way.if you get a really soft eyeliner it will work better. Put most of it on the bottom, but you can put either a powder or a cream on your eyelids to make it all dark. Also, geometric shapes (like making a big black triangle or rectangle around your eyes) can look edgy. Most goths I know do not smear theirs, but you can do that to make your eyes look more "dead" and inset. . Also, if you are going for a emo-goth look, try a combo of black and a hot pink eyeliner. Lip crayons can work for this duty as well. (and they make a bigger line)get a large brush and black paint.  And keep slopping it on.  When your arm gets tired your are done.Black liner. Under/Around the eyes. You can experiment with the Outer Corner of the eye with a Tapering line and try on the inside at the Nose a tear look, DO NOT over do a tear, it just a very small point to Insinuate the thought. . This just a way I have seen it and it looks good when correct. Practice make Perfect. I will try to find you a link for some Pictures.. "rosanamod" has you a very good link. Here you one more; http://www.beautytipsonline.com/contents.htmthickly under the bottom and upper lids, apply black eyeshadow on your lidsFirstly, use a more dark colour eyeliner.  Then make a bolder and bigger line. Make the line visible even when you're away from others. Lastly, put some dark eyesshadow around your eyes.Just keep putting it on (thick).I find a trowel or a large-tip felt pen seems to work.This is your site:. . http://www.wikihow.com/Apply-Corpsepaint. . You will love it.Somewhere in your lifetime you will regret that you asked that question. This has to do with the dark world. Isn't this the place that you want to go to? It is not as glamorous and exciting as you imagine it to be. Living on the dark side in this world may not look as threatening to you but wait until you get to the other side, the real dark world where you will be tormented day and night by the one you gave your life and soul to! This is a warning to you, stay away from this Gothic thing!To look gothic you gotta apply lots of it under your eye(specially). . And make your eyes look dark and gloomy by heavily applying it!!!Very dark, use a lot, use white make-up in the rest of ur face. It IS going to ruin your natural skin though, so keep that in mindHonestly...just don't do it...it looks terrible on everyone that does it!!!just glob it on and i know some people who use paint for their eye make up (the washable kids kind)
THe government says it will keep us in line with the rest of the world... I hate science.THey have to make you take something to give people/teachers a job
I never really thought about that. Thanks for enlightening me. What the hell IS "welcome," anyway. Now it just sounds weird.um...yeah, that is a stupid question. One which i do not have an answer for.i agree w/u... it is kinda wierdYou know what's worse?. . . People who ask stupid questions...You are totally right!!!best not to post questions when your smoking a pipe...it's hard to follow your thought logicThank you....     Your welcome(to impose any time)Haha yeah thats true...but if you repeat any word for too long its starts to sound weird.its a word used to be politeok, whatever you say man.I think welcome is a wonderful word.  Someone told me in another state recently that I was "always welcome" to stay overnight at their family's home.  It made me feel warm and glad to know that someone cares enough about me to always "welcome" me.  It shows courtesy to others.  Thank you is another wonderful couple words.  Have you ever done a whole lot of work for someone and put yourself out for them but never been thanked for it.  See how that feels and see why it really is such an important couple of words. :)  And no, your question wasn't stupid.  There are some on this site that really are, but this is not one of them.nice point i never thought of it that wayPoliteness is an indispensable aspect of society life where live intelligent and polite human beings.it is strange, kind of like if someone asks if you want something and you say no thanks, thank you for asking, isn't the "Thank you for asking" cover in the Thanks! you say No to the question, and thanks, but yet most feel they need to elaberate on the thanks. the English language has a lot of weird word things.Welcome means, essentially, that the speaker is glad about what happened.  "Come in, you're welcome," means come in, I'm glad you are here.  "You're welcome," in reply to "Thank you," means "I was glad to do the thing that you are thanking me for.". . And yes, you're welcome. ;-)you're right...It's a stupid question.you're welcom
well because when you go into a coffehouse (other than starbucks) time seems to clear up so that you can just relax and have your coffe or smothie or something and discuss important things...not to mention the music!Because they are waiting for the grand cheese god to come, they must drink the coffee to give them the energy to serve him when he comes.i know i go for the bands that play sometimes. its just more relaxed than going to a bar.to relax and socialize lolIts kind of like a drug house or a bar.You buy the product,(caffine) and you get high and read or talk manure.It's the sofa, not the coffee. So next time you go to the mall, buy the same accessories they use.To do the above. Coffee doesn't make me wired.It beats a bar in the middle of the day.too much of anything is bad, if you take too much tylonol you wont loose the pain if you have too much of a stimulant it starts to act as a depressant.It's better than going to the bar.Why not better than a bar.cause its  nice to relax and have a good conversationWell alcohol makes a lot of people violent or sick, so I guess wired is a preferable alternative.It's just a tammer comparison to the reasons people hang out in bars, only you can't get arrested for drinking coffee and driving.(Yet)It's an just an alternative to a bar. Although, I prefer the bar.it's COOLI don't knowwhy do people go to a bar and hang out....or a night club to dance....why do birds fly.....its a place for people to go and have some coffee...some people like to kick back and drink some coffee and chat.i'm a none drinker and I think i'ts more quieter then a bar or a casino you can acctually hear what the other person is saying without asking " what" ever 5 minutes.Not sure, I am not a coffee drinker, but I know a lot of people who do that and it is strange now that you mention it.I suppose they have decaf.  Even if its not, seriously, it doesnt make you feel coked up or anything.Its a nice convienent place to meet your girlfriend when you both have busy lives.Because people think it is cool.Most people who go to coffee houses normally like to sit there and chat. I guess the 'chatting' burns off the energy. That's why you will never find a QUIET coffee house... As for relaxation? Some people find it relaxing to just talk.because the atmosphere is really relaxing and comfortable, plus a lot of people just do it because it's trendy. but I think to be able to drink a nice hot cup of tea, coffe whatever you like in a nice couchy chair, and just forgot about what I did all day and how stressfull it was, and how many things I had to do for people I don't like, and for how many things I had to pick up and drop off, you just need to let your hair down and pick that coffee off that wooden table in that coffee shop and escape from everything, is just something you can't compare to. and coffee doesn't give everyone energy, like decaf, you know what I mean.because we can.   And, the coffee is much better than at AA.because they are stupidIt's better than going to a bar.because a lot of college students do cuz they like coffee, and then, the old folks started it to try and act young.
People want to be liked, and people want to be right.  By following the majority of people, they increase their chances of both being liked and being right.  It's easier to follow when having to make hard decisions, and it requires less cognitive effort.i believe people are sheep because they are afraid to be ridiculed for being difrent which only happens because people dont like what they dont understand people find it easier to just follow others then to stand up and say i'm diffrent a lot of people dont like confration so instead of stating what hey like at he chance of being laughed at or picked on they just say they like what every one else does every one wants to be liked it's natural some of us just fear that we wont be liked for who we areIt's not so much that sheep follow the flock...it's that they don't listen to the shepherd while they follow the bold one in the flock. They can be incredibly hard headed and evasive. They will go to great lengths and effort to avoid being corralled for something so evil as a meal or medical treatment. If you combine a box of rocks (dumb as) and a Houdini instructional book (get yourself in a pickle) you would have them pegged. And then when you get them caught they just give up (sit them on their butt and they will not move). And the rams can be very combative and hurtful just because they can. It really is humbling to be around sheep and see the similarities between them and humanity (myself included) and to know that God calls us sheep.Because to be otherwise takes thought and reason.that is a very good question that I have also asked myself. I don't really understand why people are like that but must peope are. Maybe they are too afraid to stand up for themselves...it's easier to follow then to lead. I have never been a sheep and I would never want to live that way and I really don't like seeing people like that.why are sheep lemmings?they arent they are people. but really, as a species it is more favorable to fit in with a group or class in order to survive on some level. with animals it is physical survival, and with humans it may have become emotional or mental survivalNot all the people are.They follow the leader.I'm not sheep! Some people hate what I believe in and I told them "If you don't like me.. then don't bother speaking to me" and with a smile :P.. the smile always get's em angry xD !!!. . Maybe that's why i'm alone. I had to kiss-up to people. I won't change my interests just to suit someone else so that I can go 'hang' out with them... there's no use being liked for someone you're not...
Oxygen is a waste product of plants.  We breath oxygen and expel carbon dioxide as a waste product.  Plants use carbon dioxide the same way we use oxygen.in order for your body to have energy, it must burn some kind of  fuel.  to burn fuel, you must have oxygen, oxygen itself doesn't burn, but enables a flammable substance the 'catalyst' in which to burn or 'consume' the fuel available. your body uses glucose (sugar) as fuel, and therefore requires oxygen to be present in order to utilize the energy availble in the suger for your body to function.oygen is required for the following :-. 1>respiration.. 2>combusion.Oxygen is vital for living beings.. We need oxygen for respiration and  due to the oxidation of food our body gets energy for doing various tasks.We all need oxygen...As we all need love..!!! lol In fact, we breathe to provide to the human body all the oxygen which it needs. Then, we breathe to eliminate waste. The carbon dioxide is the waste which is eliminated by our breathing. And it is the surplus of CO2 which gives us the desire for breathing.. . Forgive me but I don't speak English a lot!!! It's difficult for me to explain! I hope that what I said has a meaning?!it enables us to breathe . if you arent sure why try not  needing oxygen for a minute then you know why we need itthe human body cannnot function without it
I supponse he went many time to the Castle to ask for an Interview with her Majesty the Queen. AT last he got it,and presented his plan to explore and recha the West Indies.He said "holla mamacita can I have some ships porfavor?"he let it hang outI don't know
When it is cold and wet we seem to hybernate. As the sun is covered by clouds we do not get the direct sunlight which stimulates our production of ceretonin - the natural chemical which makes us happy / resilient to depression.because its colder... then we want to get more comfortableya coz its natural cool and cool breeze and dark too it will simpley superb to have sex to at that time and to sleepJust look at it this way. . . Sun = Energy. . . We know plants need sun to grow. Simply put, we need sun for energy, as do all living things. Without that energy we'll feel tired and sleepy!. . When its raining its usually dull and darker. . . *shrug* maybe a TEENY bit of help? lolBecause it gets darker out and He sound of rain is like hypnotic and relaxing.Enjoy if you can because then it's back to the bump and grind.Do you ever notice that if it is raining, but the sun is still shining you aren't sleepy!!  You are just wondering what phenomenon has created both sun and rain together, you wait for the rainbows, and go about your day!!  I do believe the sleepiness comes from our conditioning to sleep when the sun has set!  Kind of like how we go to sleep earlier in the fall and winter seasons and stay up later in the spring and summer!We are just used to not doing anything when it rains, so we relax and get sleepy.... . Somtimes I even get Dopey or sneezy, but never Grumpy because I went to the Doc and he gave me Happy pills which make me a little bashful but that's OK...because the rain makes the sky gray and gray is dark so it makes you tired, when it is sunny, the sun keeps you up, cause it is so brightBecause lack of sunshine is depressing, hence making you more sleepy.  Also, the sound of the rain has a calming affect.Good question, why don't I get waken up when there are so many thunders.Because when it rains, we dont want to go outside, so we stay at home, nothing to do except sleeping, rite ?
It's wrong. I agree, it's inconsistent.  If you are an adult, then you are an adult, especially if you are old enough to go to war and get killed, then you are old enough to enjoy the benefits the rest of the adults are enjoying.  Very unfair law.The answer is money. Everything about the gov. is motivated by $$$. I believe that 18 should be the "transition age" If you are considered adult at that age and responsible for your own action then have a drink! If you can buy tobacco, die in war, go to prison, and hundreds of others then why not alcohol. BUT on the flip side wait a minute kids, I don't think anyone should have a drivers license until 18 either. That comes with a much greater responsibility.. . I am also going with the current age of 18. It may need to be 21 or even 25 but it all should permitted when society gives your the adult status.because the people who make the laws are so old that they need not consider any form of logic when creating them because they are unlikely to effect them in any way shape or form. . what annoys me is that at 17 it is legal for me to have a family, including a husband and child, i could have my own accomodation, smoke, play the lottery, hold a job and drive a car...but i cant drink or see certain films. . ultimately i can live an entirely adult life and yet i cannot legally drink or watch a film that is potentially a little bit scary!....?Usually the public votes on what they think is the legal age limit.  States and Counties do the same, but they can't overide the national vote by making it younger, only older.. Sorta like learning how to ride a bike.  Some get to start off with a tricycle, then graduate to a Bike with training wheels, then the Bike without training wheels,  then a ten speed, sometimes on to a motorcycle. They are different levels of responsibility and critical thinking. . . You do have a good point though.  I still choke on the military thing.  Dying for your country, but can't drink beer.. . Disneyland considers you an adult at age 12, and charges accordingly.  Go figure.18 year olds are all full of piss and vinegar, and aren't that bright when it comes to the way of the world.u dont have 2 b, on alcohol they have chck 21 cos wen u 17/16 it easy 2 look 18 but it not easy 2 look 21, im 21 and get asked 4 id all the timeRookie adult, like having P plates or L plates on a car.. . And sometimes those things are better when you have had practice at being a grown up as may be extra dangerous... Though sometimes its just the lawmakers are over zealous and unrealisticBecause our government has nothing better to do but regulate what you can and cannot do at various stages of your adult life.well we had a new leaflet come thru at work the other week. . we can sell cap guns but the caps cant be sold to under 18's!. we can sell matches to a child WITH  a responsible adult!. we can sell fags and lighters at 16 but lighter fluid to fill the lighter with at 18!While we are on this subject id like to know how your an adult at 12 at a theme park or the zoo, like you could spark up or be served to a vodka and red bull at the bar at 12. This countrys gone mad!!!!Your an adult when you actually mature enough to be an adult some people never do! Though i agree it seems silly, its more of a maturity thing!Brain development is more complete at 21, so alcohol won't have as severe negative effects. Also, teenagers don't have the decision-making part of their brain as fully developed, so they can't always make smart decisions about alcohol and other matters. I don't agree with the law, but that's the reasoning.still broke at 18
Producers are the people that are getting the thingns they need to make a product and are seeling them, and the consumers are the people buying the product. Ex. I am the consumer of cows, the farmer is the producer because he raised killed and sold the cow.Producers make a product . Consumers use product.A producer produces a product, a consumer consumes the product that the producer produced. Much like what happens at your local shopping mall.yes, mainly the producers make the product and the consumers buy it. So if you went to Target and you buy something like a card( say the brand is shoebox) shoebox is the prodcere and you are the counsmer!! Hope that helps!!Examples of producers and consumers in ecology and science:. . Ecology:. Producer - A person grows christmas trees on his farm.. Consumer - A person comes to cut his own christmas tree and pays for it and takes it home.  He uses it (consumes it).. . Science:. Producer - The pharmacy company produces medicine.. Consumer - The patient purchases his medication at the store (he is the consumer of the medicine).Producers are those who provide a product or service, those who use such products are called consumers.producers make things, and consumers go and buy them, take them etc. and use themProducers actually produce/manufacture the goods. and the consumers are the end users.okay.  so a producer is a plant thing that produces its own energy via photosinthesis.  a consumer is something that cant produce its own food and has to take from producers and other consumers to eat.  proucers: plant things  comsumer: rest of us in the worldproducers make the food, usually with photosynthesis  and the consumers eat the producers.. . producers make there own energy source and producers are the consumers' energy sourceThe producers make the items and then the consumers go and buy them.
I think that usually a 'counsellor' will have completed a certificate in counselling taking around a year or so to complete and they usually specialise in a specific type of counselling, like marriage, or a consellor for bullied children and so on.  . A counselling psychologist has studied 4 years for an honours degree in psychology and then a further 1 year studying to be a counselling psychologist (I think they study a 1 year MSc in counselling which is only available to post grad students.).. On the whole the psychologist may have the ability to apply their skills to a wider range of people and of course has the added knowledge from their degree.  They may also be more likely to deal with clients who need help coping with mental health issues, which someone who just has a counselling certificate may not have the knowledge to do.. The psychologist will possibly get paid alot more than the counsellor and its quite likely that the counsellor will be trained by a counselling psychologist/psychotherapist.. Hope this helps a little!A counselor is usually only required to meet certain state certification requiremants, recieved through accreditation work and practical experince. A psychologist must  have a degree in the field.You can find a broad explanation in Wikipedia. But if you need a quick answer here is one:. A "counsellor" can listen to you and give some general advice about which other professionals you might see. But a counsellor can not give you judgements about your original problem or can not analyse your problem. He or she helps you to define what the possible nature or name(s) of your problem could or cold not be , namely a broad picture of your problem. . A "counsellor psychologist" is an expert who do counselling in the area of psychology. Because counselling is a guidance which could be in many different areas, such as business counsellor, family, education, real estate and you name it. . Those who have expertise in a certain area could be a counsellor, but this is restricted with the general picture, and with the subject area. . For instance a counselling psychologist can tell that a problem is related with psychology or not, and if it is, can advise that which steps could be taken (what type of specialist should be seen), but cannot suggest a solution. Also a counselling psychologist cannot make counselling (cannot "sell" anything if you like) about computers, education or business, unless he or she has a counselling experience in these areas as well as psychology.A small pile and a large pile.different names... different feesWell, a counseller helps you to talk through your probs and is more of a listening ear. Where a psychologist will probably use techniques such as cognitive behaviourial therepy, where your thought patterns can be changed to see problems in a different way that doesn't bother you so much.
It may seem that way because of what is portrayed in your/ our surroundings.  IF society is shifting to conservatism, it could be a backlash to liberalism (I'm assuming you believe that society was leaning towards liberalism before shifting...)  I think it's more of an observation of shift of power in society - who is in control?Again??  Don't you mean, Still?  Conservatives have been calling the shots since 1996 and look at the mess they have us in.The conservative shift in society is a direct reflection of the conservative, straight-laced, bible thumping baboon we have in the presidential office right now.  He forces HIS opinions over the masses, passing laws by influencing members of government and the very richest to sway his way by padding their pockets with the almighty dollar.  His views are not the majority!  By far they are the minority.  He has the lowest approval rating of any president in history.  This is the proof.  Also it seems we've been living like hedonists since the 60's - and we're tired of it.Maybe its a sign of intelligence. Maybe a sign of a lack of intelligence. Depends on what the conversation is about. I mean, does anyone really care about the bruises on paris Hilton's arm. Should that be a topic of conversation. Maybe if the conversation was about the Concentric Zone Model.Hopefully because it is. We have tried liberalism and it CLEARLY has not worked (note the declining morals, education, marriages and the increasing children born out of wedlock and into single parent homes, young sex, pedophiles, poor education, increasing taxes) so now it is time to go back to the system that worked. That would be the system in place PRIOR to FDR and his horrible, country-ruining "New Deal".I don't think the shift is in views but in people's willingness to speak up.  I think that society in general has been conservative for a long time, but now that we're getting so many attacks on our way of living or thinking, we're more bold about voicing our opinions.
Why not!? Its the evolution of the language that we created! Dont mock it, learn it!!Where did you get that quality piece of information?  The Guiness Book of World Records?  Huh Duh >>?????I believe it is because of the reason "they are already english, so why study about the language which they use everyday." . . Grammar is important but they use the language every freakin' day of their lives enough for them to think that they already mastered it. They would now prioritize learning other languages. Aside from this, they already developed some street languages (add the wrong grammar) that made it much difficult to understand.Because they cannot speak the best English because the Irish do that!cuz they canbecause they dont know englishI think you'll find chinese people speak the worst english.They don't. What they speak is ythe first English spoken in the world. English has been somewhat changed in the USA. That is why many people think the English speak the worst English, because we as Americans don't speak British English. We speak American English.Because they think they do not have to "learn" English
Shoot for the moon, if you fall short, you will lie amoung the stars!!   Its all about the little things that pleasure you in life.. . From cooking your family dinner to having a beer on friday night......Have  a great Day!remember there is always someone in worst situations then you and things can only get better.u keep telling urself tht every cloud has a silver lining!Have confidence.. and always thinks taht whatever happens happens for good. ... luk at the positive side of things :)that is a VERY MATURE question! The answer.....just know that you are doing the right thing, that you are with the right person, and all other magical wonders of life, will simply fall into place! The hope comes from the confidence you have with eachother. The confidence and comfort of knowing that you will always be there for, love, and respect your partner! TRUST ME...you want to take things one day at a time. Even when you are married!believe on God and work hardYou put it in a safe place and never let it go.I dunno, let me know if you figure it out, okay?find someone who trust youThink positive and have faith in what you are doing.lock it with prayer
Unfortunately low, I think. My cousin was kept back in an animal science program mostly because the dean didn't want a handicapped kid there.. . He's now at a Big Ten school doing just fine.I'd rather have a physically challenged INTELLIGENT person in my biology class, than a fully functional idiot.  I think most school districts try their best to accommodate all types of disabilities.  If this is a college situation, there should be no problem at all since Biology majors are cool people and like just about everyone!i dont think people are as nice as they shood be... some are very mean ... other just avoid those kind of people.. and others r very nice ..so i think it depends on the person and over all i think  the attitude isnt to niceWhy should there be a problem with this? just because they are handicapped in some form does not make them less of a person.. I applaud them. What would our space program be if people sneered and jeered at Dr Stephen Hawking who is one of the worlds fore most physics scientists.Probably the same attitude as society shows towards physically challenged students in general.   I dont the the fact that he or she studies biology make a difference.   . . BTW what is wrong with saying handicapped?  I know we live in an increasingly pc world,  and it is sickening,  but I dont see nothing derogatory with the term handicapped.   Physically challeged sounds vague and stupid.. . The handicapped are looked down upon in many countries, especially asian countries.   Western societies treat handicapped a lot better than the east,  in my opinion.   Even minor phyical disabilities in japan put people on others sh*t list.
It related to idea of profit and maximizing profit. You have a static amount of employees. To maximize profit, you need to maximize productivity from your employees. You do that by optimization.maximizing profits of the organization, . or minimizing costs (if you're in non-profit or government job)
get her to a doctor now............There are many things I could suggest but first she needs to increase her awareness of not only the world, but also herself. Buy her a book on meditation. I highly suggest a book called the “Power of Now” by Echart Tolle. Encourage her to find moments to practice. When she has achieved a level of self awareness the answers with be more obvious. She may even not feel depressed or angry as she has shifted her focus to something positive and empowering.divorve your father and find a nice hand some hot young manI think you should try to make her happy and have a talk with your Dad as well. If he doesn't smarten up -she should leave him.Just talk to her and let her know you love her, and that you'd give anything to make her happy! Show her that you love her by helping her or do nice thing for her!My mom acts the same way, but shes a b1tch about it.. At first, I felt like I should spend more time with her, so I did, but then she started to be mean to me, so I stopped.. Personal if I were you I'd go and make her dinner once and a while, she'll really appreciate it. Talk to her, and maybe see if she would want to go out with some friends instead of wasting her life away- it sure seems like her hubby doesn't really care.medical helpjust let her know that you're there for you...as a parent (and this is just an educated guess after having a heart to heart with my mom when she practically in the same state so don't neccessarily quote me on it), they don't really want us as their children to 'support' them, per se, but acknowledge all of the effort that they put into making your life and their homes peaceful and pleasant everyday. If you feel she needs time away from the house, then just ease your way into the routine and try to pick up some of the general daily tasks for yourself (whatever you're able to handle/ help with). You don't have to spell it out as "Here, Mom, I'll do this so you can go...", (although you can to emphasize your effort and be sure she understands that this IS a gift for her and not just time for her to move on to a different chore) but she'll see the opportunity and take it if that is what she needs.. . Other than that, the number one thing is just to tell her you love her and that she is a good person for being HER and not just cook or maid or even mom or wife! More than any figurative picture, and hug will mean a thousand words!
wasn't that the little mouse in the cartoon movie?. . Rizel goes west?Rizal as in Jose Rizal? may I ask u something? are a (or were you a) sociology student in ADDU? lol the teacher asked the same question in class!. Rizal is a product of his time because he did what the system was somehow expecting, there where the Spaniards, and there were the Filipinos... you can see it in his literature, he wrote in many languages, his main? Spanish! why? because the Philippines was under the Spaniards in that time.
Race is what distinguishes you based on your heritage like where your parents are from and so forth.. . Ethnicity is what distinguishes you based on your heritage and cultural beleifs, like you can be indian, but you can have a different religion or beliefs as compared to others.Race has to do with the anthropological differences among humans (Bone structure, features, etc.) Humans are generally categorized as Caucasoid, Mongoloid or Negroid. By the way, skin color has very little to do with race.. Ethnicity has more to do with language, culture, nationality, etc.Ethnicity is a social construction that indicates identification with a particular group which is often descended from common ancestors. Members of the group share common cultural traits (such as language, religion, and dress) and are an identifiable minority within the larger nation-state. In Latin America, it often refers to Indians and Africans, although perhaps everyone has some type of ethnic identity.. A race is defined as a group of individuals sharing common genetic attributes which determine that group's physical appearance and, more controversially, their cognitive abilities.Race is natural while ethnicity is man made.one is a timed relay and the other is the practice of saying s while lisping - duh
U shouldnt take things lightly now.... Dont make a joke out of everything that people say and laugh... I am not saying that u shouldnt joke at all but u should react normally... Dont act like as if this is the firts time u r hearing something... N yes u need to know wen to joke n wen u shouldnt... If u r at work n dealing with a customer or solving some problem dont start joking... N if u r among friends then i dont c any problem... Also u need to differentiate between the important things in life (like education, career, marriage, etc...) n things that r not so important..... . All the best to uFIRST OF ALL....  . You feel the NEED to change or do you personally WANT to change??? . . You should stay true to who you are and add some color and humor to life where ever you go.  If others don't like that then they have the problem not you.. . You can tone your stuff down but NEVER change...Try talking to your parents. I know it sounds klinda corny. But you can explain to them that you would like to be more mature and responsible and ask them what you can do. Where your friends are concerned. Talk to them. Explain why you need to be more mature and if they truly like you for who you are, they'll accept the change because it is your descion to make. Hope this helps.being mature is not about looks or actions its about your outlook in life, how you deal with people and things, taking responsibilities etc.i'm always serious and i want to be more fun, any idea? :D i suggest you to stay that way 'cause i hate being serious...I'm 49y/o & slill feel 20 in my mind & spirit. Be responsible and dress accordingly. You don't need a walker or a cane yet! Set realistic goals for yourself for the short & long term & strive to meet them. A good sense of humor is an asset, use it wisely.i believe you know the answer.just try to focus on the present,don't waist your time thinking about tomorrow or yesterday.it is magnificent if you can stay happy as a child.always wondering,discovering new sides in old things.Good luck!everything you do ask yourself "how a matured person will act in this kind of situation?" then you'll figure it by yourself.
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nationsfood & agricultural corporation (FAO)Isn't this a huge toy store in NY?  FAO Schwartz
Mustaches were associated with the military, and, of course, they refuse military service.wives like to kiss a face without that hairmustaches are unsanitaryAmish men grow beards after they are married. Only the single men are allowed to have shaved faces. I don't think I've ever seen and Amish man with a mustache, lol.
G-d created it! . (To me, that makes waaaaay more sense than the whole Big Bang thing...or even what pixiequel said. I mean, in my opinion, that's just absurd!)It started via creation. Not the BB-theory.Science is the only answer. The rest is total fiction.after the moon was created theyre was night and day. so you know that right. well small bactaria started to form together and created fish and other creatures. there was not enouhg air only 1 percent oxagyn.so it troock a long time to actually be able to come up on earth.Why can't people just accept the fact that some things you're simply not intended to know?  I know, and the big bang is part of it, but unless you've studied the Nag-Hammadi library, it's really just a waste of my time to try to explain.  This universe was not created by the All-Father, it was created by the aborted son of Sopheia(Wisdom), as a response to his mother's anger at the Father not being willing to conjoin.  This universe was a mistake.Read a science book.  Big bang.
I LOVE FOOTBALL!  And I'm a woman.  My husband loves it too.  We are EAGLES fans.  I'm not sure why we're all obsessed though, it's fun to watch...I for one am not, but I think that it is because they have too much testoserone. That and they want to show other men that they are manly. Football is all about brut strenth and a little stratagy.Not IIt's all we have left in this feminized country.Because that's the only thing the male species have to look forward to.LOLBecause is an agressive sport, male tend to like hard physical contact. This sport is a matter of stregth, velocity and good plays.. . Also because they like to have some time to support where they fell identified with.Football is not on my radar.. Or baseball.. Or soccer.. Or  basketball either.. Did I omit any?. My nemesis when I was in High School was that Jockstrap with the whistle around his neck....do they still call them gym teachers?. And I am not obese guy at age 54...5'11" ....165No we just like it.  Now sex is an obsession!!!We like it, we love it, we want some more of it.Good question. I personally hate football.You mean SOME men...I'm not obsessed with it.. As a matter of fact...I can't stand itSome men are, some are not.That's like asking, Why do all women love buy shoes. It's just a sterotype or something, not all guys like football, I hate watching football on TV and I would never have the courage to play it.I don't care for it either. Never could understand the rules. I don't like Basketball either. . . I think I just like sports where its one against one. I group Baseball in this since the batter goes against the pitcher or baseman ect.
I was going to say because most of us have cable or satellite. But I like Michael's answer betterBecause were not insects!what would the envirmental effects be if someone were to obtain six 20 megaton weapons and detnate them in 2 sets of 3 in a large circular patern, one set on the northern and one set on the southern ice cap.We have nose and ears.
The word "you" usually refers to another person besides yourself spoken directly to from you.  The word "dumb" refers to the inability to speak.  So "you" can't be "so dumb" since dumb is dumb an you are you.U CALLING ME DUMB!!!!. cry!. cry!. cry!I'm not dumb, but my theory is that there is not much difference between stupidity and laziness.  Stupid people are just too lazy to try to figure something out.  Therefore, no one is dumb, they are just all lazy!Why does everyone feel compelled to insult people on this site? Especially people they don't know and don't deserve it.  . . Why are you so smart and handsome?. . Now, don't you feel guilty?Because i am a citizen of the USA.  born and raised.  And i suppose i am a spoiled brat, Even though i may disagree.i don't know, why r u so uglymbmbmbm mmmmmmmmmm cat got my tongue bmbmmmmcuz I feel like it.I WEARNED 2 B FRUM MI FRUM MI, UMM, WHAT?I don't know. But thanks for the 2 points, jackass.I can talkMY SPOON IS TOO BIGbecause I'm answering questions like this. Der..  Now answer your own question.im knot dum / There is a difference between dumb and unlearned.Some people are even lazy.Some don't [OMG] have English as their native tongue. Variety is the spice of life! You are arrogant ! But what can we expect from someone like you!Because......... I am answering dumb questions like this one?  No Really!  LOLmaybe everybody else is smart and you are dumb , ever feel that you are the only one ... this is whyIgnorance is bliss!Quit wasting my time.. but thanks for the 2 points.Stupid questions get asked by stupid peopleHey, c'mon now. I may be dumb, but I am stupid...I'm notCause I love questions where I don't have to think, just like this one.. TYVM for the 2 points!!because you stupid.
Cobbled streets are a throwback to the past.  Most are declared historic as well they should.  I like seeing roads like that, it makes me think of how things may have been.SAME REASON THEY AINT LAPTOPlol    ????lolthey are historical treasures.Because Dorothy would never make it to OZ
One example - coming of age rituals.  Shaping can only be effective if someone knowledgeable is directing your behavior.  If instead of teaching you proper behavior, I send you out into the forest until you have a vision (common in nonindustrialized societies) no outside influence is doing the shaping.. . Or if I assume that weaving is women's work, and never do it in front of my son, he will never learn to weave because he's never seen an example.issues--- when a group or culture holds onto itself so much and yet constantly verbalizes that others don't accept their group yet that same group goes out of their way to not accept others and makes it known it won't change.
Fiction is a made-up story and nonfiction is factual.fiction is not true, nonfiction is suppose to be trueThe difference between fiction and nonfiction is that nonfiction is is true and fiction is pretend/not true.Fiction is a genre of imagined events; nonfiction is of factual events.First poster is wrong.. Fiction = Not true. Non Fiction = True / Factualfiction: stories that did not happen in real life to real people sometimes it can be a story that cannot really happen or one that can happen. nonfiction: a story that really did occur in historyFiction is not true. . Non-Fiction is true.One is real and the other is not. That was a tough one!Fiction takes place in the recesses of your mind. You put together subliminal suggestions to make up a story.. Non-fiction is the perceived reality of the outside world.Fiction is based on unreal events.... they're made up, basically. Fiction uses the imagination.. . Nonfiction is based on real events (reality). Events such as World War II, Vietnam War, and September 11, are real events... Therefore, they are nonfiction.fiction is not scientifically proven or not factual and non-fiction is factual ... think science fiction  ... that helps when I try to remember because it's not scientifically proven but it's used for entertainment ...fiction is based on a made-up story. . non-fiction is based on the truthFiction - a made up story         Non-fiction - based on factNon_fiction is true. Fiction is  a storyFiction is fabricated/ distorted details normally blown out of proportion for shock/ entertainment value while non-fiction is the exact opposite, where it's based on documented, factual, details that validate its resource.Fiction - Based on one's imagination.. Non-fiction - relying on infromation already avaiblable, right of wrong!. Ramachandran V.fiction is fake, stories that are mad up and include such things as magic or aliens and etc.. nonfiction are true stories, think of them as not fakefact and non factYour Credibility.fiction is opinionated. Nonfiction is based on reality.Fiction is a made-up story. Nonfiction is based on facts or truth!ok lets look at it like this.  fiction would be like (George W Bush the great american president). . and non fiction would be like.. George W Bush another failed republican in office.
Sounds like you got a bad spelling of the name of Maximilien Robespierre, the French Revolutionary leader who played a major role in the so-called Reign of Terror.  France, in the 1790s -- any good encyclopedia will give you more information than you probably want to know about this sadistic creep.It's one word "Robespierre". From Wikipedia.org:. Maximilien Fran?ois Marie Isidore de Robespierre . (6 May 1758 – 28 July 1794) is one of the best-known leaders of the French Revolution. He was known by his supporters as "the Incorruptible" because of his austere moral devotion to the Revolution. He was an influential member of the Committee of Public Safety, and was an instrumental figure in the period of the Revolution commonly known as the Reign of Terror. His arrest and execution in 1794 put an end to the Terror.. . Politically he was a disciple of Jean-Jacques Rousseau, among other Enlightenment philosophes, and a capable articulator of the beliefs of the left-wing bourgeoisie.. . He was described as physically unimposing, immaculate in dress and personal manners.. . Contents or the article:. 1 Family and early life . 2 Early politics . 3 Robespierre's opposition to war with Austria . 4 The great question regarding the execution of Louis XVI . 5 Destruction of the Girondins . 6 Foundation of the Committee of Public Safety . 7 The Terror . 8 Robespierre's downfall . 9 Historians' views of Robespierre . 10 References. . Great reference site!!You might mean Robespierre - he was a leader of the French RevolutionMaximillian Robespierre was a leader of the French Revolution.  He was instrumental in the Reign of Terror marked by the executions of any who did not represent "democracy."  The Reign of Terror ended with Robespierre's execution.He was a French Revolutionary Leader of the Jacobins. & architect of the Reign of Terror. (1758-1794)! He was. known an austere & incorruptible man. His laws permitting. the confiscation of property & arrest of suspected traitors. led to his own arrest & execution without trial.
No,. I love my chest size, except for the fact that bathing suit tops are a bit small. I'm a D.Its a natural tendency to attarct a males attention by the fact that bigger breast means more milk for the baby which means better servival rate for there offsprings.. Its a natural and all males strive to propogate there genes to the next generation.. . Its perfectly natural and good to have bigger breasts as u will attract a  stronger male who in itself leads to natural selection and EVOLUTIONmen   are why women are not happy with themselves --and the media of course.  now, if they were always exposing men's penis' out there==the way they do women-- let's see - they'd be a whole bunch of implants happening there too.   wrong attention --   hat's off to youIt would make me feel more confident and attractive. I wish i could feel like that without having big boobs. I'm an A cup =(personally i would never wanna have huge breasts. I   dont want big water balloons hangin  from me and weighin me down. I think that being a size C is perfectBecause bigger breasts are a feature of the beauty canon established by our society. I'm not saying it's ethical, and I'm not defending any point of view, but technically that's your answer.. . Personally, I think if every girl had naturally large boobs, people would see that it's a good thing in every way. Obsession with big boobs has just become criticized and hated because it's an unrealistic obsession.. . If the new unrealistic beauty canon was to have small breasts, people would hate the obsession with small breasts and they would find reasons why it's unhealthy and wrong.. . The real problem is people. Peace out!!PERSONALLY I PREFER SMALL TO MEDIUM BREASTED WOMEN.  EVERY WOMAN I HAVE EVER HAD THAT WAS OF THE LARGE BREST PERSUASION WAS EITHER A GOLD DIGGER OR A DUMBASS.I love my 36 c cup all natural but some women want bigger breast because some clothing fit better with a nice sizable breast other than that i don't understand myself now I would however understand some one who is flat chested wnat to go up a notch or two but women who gets these humongus breast is crazy!I love big tits because they're nice to suck on.Airbags.. . So that I won't bother buying a car with airbags.. Its added protection and added satisfaction. *u*no. Before I had kids I had a D cup and tits perverts used to stare down at my chest all the time. Now after the kids they shrunk and I am very happy with my handfulNo, I don't. Breast size has nothing to do with anything (they can't be "too small", by the way. Size doesn't affect their function). If people are judging me based on something so trivial, then they aren't worth my time anyways.its not the quantity i want its the quality.......i have big boobs and they arent bad looking but i could use a lift......if i could have it my way......i wouldnt change the size any just the looks of themWell I can tell  you as a size E, big boobs are a pain in the A**.  And anyone who gets holy cow- big boobs/ or wants them should just be thankful they don't have them.  Other then the fact that nothing really fits properly and finding a bra that's comfortable is a lifelong job...there are the back aches, stretch marks and running problems they will have to face.  I am an E and I haven't had children yet...and I'm dreading the prospect.  I would kill to have a nice C cup.  the people who want big boobs are trying to make up for something they lack in their personality or something because why else would someone choose to torture themselves for the rest of their lives?Hmmm.  I don't mind having "normal" ones.  Size c seems to be fine for me and my husband, but maybe some women just like to be big.  I know some women who have gotten theirs down-sized because of the back problems they caused.  I would not want to do that.these are the things that a man first sees.. so they should be perfect and in the shape that men love.....voluptuousBecause Western beauty standards drill it into our heads that big breasts are beautiful and that we are deficient if we do not have "big boobs."to let us play boxingDefinitely.  My are small (yet nice) but I think they would be so much nicer if they were fuller, though my boyfriend disagrees. A C-cup would be sufficient enough.  I'm hoping plastic surgery advances, though, because the store-bought always look fake.I have large breasts and they are annoying and I have not benefited from them in any way financially...but I think I have been given a few jobs by men on their account...and not hired by a few women. There are a lot of clothes that I would like to wear but they don't fit large busts. I can't go topless and when the other teens went skinny dipping I was too embarrassed. I would like to go without the uncomfortable bra. It is harder to be an athletic person and men annoy you. I love my figure ...but I wish I was a b or c instead of a dd. I know 3 women who had breast implants so that they could attract men the way that I do...and it seems to have worked for them....I like B size boobs.  I don't get the whole thing about needing to have biguns....unless it is the same as men wanting bigger penises....which is all a self esteem thing anyway...hey there's your answer.guys want to enlarge their you-know-what's, not their breasts, but besides that, you have a valid question.I have huge boobs. Would I want bigger? Hell no I've had these since I was 12. Do I use them to get guys? Nope I want more in a guy than that!!. Screw the attention! I'll tell them where to go if they gawk to long!!We are taught that big or bigger breasts are sexy and make you look better. Just try asking a girl with really natural big breast how it feels to have your neck, shoulders and back ache, not finding support underwear strong enough, not being able to fit into a dress because the top does not fit the bottom, not being able to go braless or wear strapless stuff. Seems we are never happy with what we have, somehow we have to conform to unreal beauty standards.Personally, mine are way too big.  I wear a K cup (that's equivalent to a DDDDDDDD!) and the only reason I haven't gotten a reduction is because I can't get my crappy insurance to pay for it.  I constantly get stared at by creepy guys, my back has hurt constantly since I was about 16, and it's pretty much impossible to find clothes that fit right.  All that aside, I think the main reason some women want larger breasts is because they believe that they will not be attractive to men if they have small ones, just like many men think that women want a man with the biggest penis possible, so men with small ones want bigger ones.My boobs are just fine thank you.  38DI don't want them any bigger, its not all of us ladies that want that, and some of us have low self esteem, like my self, maybe that's why.I have big boobs already, but its proportionate to my size.  I get sad b/c I lost 30 lbs and they got smaller :( just a tadI like what God gave me and I am happy that way.  But then again, I don't follow the stereotype of the models on T.V.  I hear of guys all the time who say they have too small of a penis.  And I don't really hear a whole of of women saying they want breast enlargements, personally.I don't! I have A cup sized breasts and I'm very happy.i dont want any bigger boobs ;)I have a larger chest (DD)...I also have a very small frame..so I hate it.  People stare..My boss stares.  Shirts look funny, no tanks that are braless.  Always having to wear a bra. Yuck!  I would much rather be a nice B-C cup. Plus the back pain and after having kids and breast feeding...can we say SUPER WONDER BRA....not me. bigger breasts will means that you will have a greater chance of getting breast cancer.MAN, all you women out there with them huge fake boobs are really nasty!  That's just one man's opinion.Social expectations and the media cause women to pursue acceptance in society.  Big breasts are seen to appeal to men and thus a natural instinct of a women is to make oneself appeal to the opposite sex (and vice versa).Personally, I'd like smaller ones....I mean I have never heard of guys wanting to enlarge theirs..... Sure they do.  They just don't go around broadcasting it.I don't. . . I want to know where I can return them for something smaller.Women tend to wish to enlarge their breasts just as the same reason that many men wish to have big d i c k s...insecurity.. Ladies see the kind of treatment that women with big breasts recieve and feel inadequate next to it. For some reason, it makes them feel sexier...almost like winning a contest. . . Some women who have eating disorders and had big breasts prior will lose them...they will get smaller and their frame will adjust to support them. So, some of these women who recieve breast enlargement have had eating disorders.. . Naturally big breasted women experience back problems and need a reduction like Queen Latifah and Roseanne. Even p o r n star Jenna Jameson admitted after getting her breast enlargement that she shouldn't have gotten them so big because she needs to elevate her boobs just to lie down properly.. . Breast enlargement began as a way of giving some breast cancer victims themselves back. And now it's hybrided into a plastic surgery fiasco.. . A woman's breasts, to me, means maternal. Milk. It's also a pain in the azz to put those babies in a bra and a pain in the azz to keep them out of bra. And it's an erogenous zone. To others, they are looked upon as sexual toys and until a woman's chest is not prioritized as sexual toys first and foremost then women will continue to get breast enlargements ...and they will still have plastic surgery on their 'pubic regions' to look like those "perfect naked spreads"  and men will get penis enlargments and continue to take viagra.. . I personally think that just as long as people are informed and properly educated, you'll be more openminded and won't be giving or getting the wrong kind of attention. Hopefully.....  :)I don't want mine bigger their already big .It's hard to find shirts that fit right also it sucks when guys just stare at them especially when your runningFirst.........boobs are boobs........some women like to have big ones....some like small ones. I prefer in between. After my babies....my boobs were huge.........and in the way! LOL I prefer middle of the road! And I expect that its the same reason that guys always wish their member's were bigger. And you can't tell me that you have NEVER heard of a guy wanting to enlarge his organ. cmon!Who said everyone wanted bigger ones!?I like small breast, cause I have small hands and everything that is going out of my hand is "waste"
Life has whatever meaning you give to it. The only condition is that you have to be alive in order to assign meaning to life. So maybe the meaning of life is living your life in a way that you want to live it.To be happy and enjoy life!To answer stupid questions like this.Life is empty and meaningless........................so make it up!!!...you'll get to know the answer soon enough. it's not your time. give love. . Love Is ForEver...(LIFE)the meaning of life is to forget about the meaning of life and have fun doing something else.42Pop TartsLife is a dream realize it. life is a song sing it. ife is a kite fly it. life is music play it. and life is a life enjoy it!it is the good and bad that happens to us and we still keep our heads up high and go on with life.it is always to consider others.  is about  spiritual well being and academic achievements.. . well for me anyway.1. Life is like peter pan,.    when we're down, we can do nothing but sit and watch others fly.. 2. When we think positively, then we ourselves may be uplifted.      Of course with the help of a magical fairy known as parents, teachers and friends..          Could you do me a favor, my friend writes poems and she wants to get her poems published. what should she do, in such a case?INTERACTION. u make friends ,enemies , rivals, loved 1s, and this is what makes you live. cause even if you want to stay alone you simply cannot you will find an animal to be around you to make sure you have interaction.you can't figure it out coz if you do, the challenge of living it will be lost. you just take it as it is. plain and simple.What is the meaning of life?" is a question many people ask themselves at some point during their lives. Some people believe that the meaning of life is one or more of the following:. . Survival and temporal success. .     * ...to accumulate wealth and increase social status.     * ...to compete or co-operate with others.     * ...to destroy others who harm you, or to practice nonviolence and nonresistance.     * ...to protect one's family, no matter the cost.     * ...to gain and exercise power.     * ...to leave a legacy, such as a work of art or a book.     * ...to produce offspring through sexual reproduction.     * ...to seek freedom, either physically, mentally or financially.     * ...to seek happiness and flourish, experience pleasure or celebrate.     * ...to survive, including the pursuit of immortality through scientific means (see life extension). . Wisdom and knowledge. .     * ...to be without question, or to keep asking questions.     * ...to explore, to expand beyond our frontiers.     * ...to learn from one's own and others' mistakes.     * ...to seek truth, knowledge, understanding, or wisdom.     * ...to try to discover and understand the meaning of life.     * ...to experience anything if not something in this world. . Ethical. .     * ...to express compassion.     * ...to live in peace with each other, and in harmony with our natural environment (see utopia).     * ...to give and receive love.     * ...to seek and acquire virtue, to live a virtuous life.     * ...to serve others, or do good deeds.     * ...to work for justice and democracy. . Religious, spiritual and esoteric. .     * ...to achieve a supernatural connection within the natural context.     * ...to achieve enlightenment and inner peace.     * ...to become God, or God-like.     * ...to experience existence from an infinite number of perspectives in order to expand the consciousness of all there is (i.e. God).     * ...to follow the "Golden Rule".     * ...to produce useful structure in the universe over and above consumption (see net creativity).     * ...to reach Heaven in the afterlife.     * ...to understand and follow the "Word of God".     * ...to worship, serve, or achieve union with God. . Other. .     * ...to advance natural human evolution, or to contribute to the gene pool of the human race.     * ...to advance technological evolution, or to actively develop the future human.     * ...to contribute to collective meaning ("we" or "us") without having individual meaning ("I" or "me").     * ...to die, or become a martyr.     * ...to find a purpose, a "reason" for living that hopefully raises the quality of one's experience of life, or even life in general.     * ...to live, and enjoy the passage of time.     * ...to protect humanity, or more generally the environment.     * ...to pursue a dream, vision, or destiny.     * ...to relate, connect, or achieve unity with others.     * ...to seek and find beauty.     * ...to simply live until one dies (there is no universal or celestial purpose).     * ...still some do not even think there is any purpose whatsoeverTo live, love, and die,I think we are all fallen angels with erased memories already in hell but God loves us so much he is waiting and giving us time to choose right and find our way back.according 2 my sophomore morality book it's:. . to b fruitful & multiply.... . which is kinda ironic considering da church has sooo many "rules" on sex...watever...2 live it the way u want to.. not let  ppl influence ur decissions..  EDUCATIONEnjoy it before it's too late. Respect other people but don't let them take control of your life.Like is like a bag of mixed nuts...you never know what yer gonna chew up.to obey and serve God. and to love Him with all your heart soul mind and strength. and to love your neighbor as you love yourself
it crossed! but on the way back it curled up in between the lights to avoid being hit... but failed to realize it was a three wheel car..... splat!To get back to his sisters Peony, Pansy and Petunia in the garden :)he wanted to show his girlfriend he'd got guts!Because it had a death wishto get to the other sideto see his flat mate :-)Presumably there was no ramp, and this is disgraceful. Country roads should all have hedgehog ramps.He was fed up of being surrounded by pricks.because there was a trampoline on top of a car and he wanted to go up in spaceFree will?  But who was it that was watching the hedgehog actually cross the road?   Ahhh... ;-)Is this a trick ?
Sorry, I don't remember, its been years since I read the book.  Try and see if works for you.. . Good luck.Any mind control book is always a interesting read. But for someone to ask how long does it take is silly. Effort equals results. One does not just read a book and expect results.. It helps to know a little on how the brain works.. And if you research that part its a start to help you control your mind.. This is not a easy thing to do its like the everything you know is wrong theory.. Once you learn to control the reactive mind and get your analytical mind to work you are almost there.. The trick is to get the two parts of the brain to work in harmony. Most people live there whole life in the reactive mind and that's not a bad thing. But if you want your dreams to come true you have to learn to use both sides of the brain.well for that a person should have strong will power.. . and self confidence. with all this it takes just till u finish the book. . but you should read it regularly so u dont forget. :-DYeah, what Michael B. said.  I thought it was called the Silva Learning System or something like that.  "How much time does it take?"  What are you, like fourteen years old?  Learn how to work and how to read and everything else will come to you, that's my advice.  Silva system never was a magic pill, you still have to work at it.  I wouldn't exactly call it a "New Age" thing either.  It's just a method of learning that utilizes modules and units and builds them up into cohesive larger systems, and it utilizes multi-media as well.  Kind of boring when you take out the "mind control" nonsense and perceive it for what it is, eh?  UC Steve.Depends on the person. The important thing is to do it consistently.There is more to Silva Mind Control (Silva Method) than hypnogogic hallucinations, but my advice to you is to not meddle in any of that New Age stuff.  The best it can do for you is give you a false sense of serenity, and the worst it can do for you is make you go cult-member-mad.Given the fact that you can remember what you dreamed, you will have to wait for the opportunity to present itself ,( ie: 'dejavou' ) before you are able to make a conscience decision to proceed further. Only then will you be able to exact the proper circumstances on the events as they unfold.
I consider it comparable to ram in a computer.  Where knowledge is like hard drive space, ram is about the speed and accuracy of processing data.  Just about everyone can synthesize, ponder and deduce, but the most intelligent people can do it faster, more sharply and with multiplicity.admiting that god is the almighty creator, he loves you, and you were put on earth to serve him.ability to think and do thingsA myth.Instinct............Human intelligence is a very abstract concept. We are able to communicate like other animals, but we have also the ability to reason. We all have intelligence. However, many of us use only a 10% of it.I believe it to be our unique (i.e. unique to all animal species) ability to be self-aware and aware of a future. In my opinion intelligence exists in all animals, (e.g. the abilities to problem-solve, understand cause and effect, seek shelter and food, etc) but HUMAN intelligence is unique. Only humans have the ability to know there exists a tomorrow.Reasonable deduction of the obvious.Human intelligence is the way one reasons his/her ideas out.  There is no definite measurement for it for the present things to evaluate intelligence is only the thories of humans too..  . . It is who you become and how you make use of your life that measures your intelligence.It's hard to say, we don't see much of it.it is the ability to qualify yourself as intelligent and be completely and utterly mistakenIts an oxymoron!Human intelligence is the instinctive ability for abstract thought, self awareness, and an awareness of time.power of knowledgeIntelligence (trait), the mental capacity to reason, plan, solve problems, think abstractly, comprehend ideas and language, and learnI would have to say it's our ability to problem solve. Obviously some of us are better at it than others, but in general we exceed the rest of our mammalian neighbors in this area.
cuz they believe it will happen again in their future.It happends to themI would not say History affects people, I would say for People to understand the present they have to know their past, as someone very wise said.it is the background to what we are today. people can learn from history too.We can learn lessons   from the history and mould our future in a better way."We learn from history that we learn nothing from history".We don't learn much from past ,so it hardly affects us.Past, present and the future are related. Past experiences and mistakes affect the present and future. Knowing ones past, be it personally, national history and religious one, gives you better understanding of your self, and also of ones ideas, thoughts and beliefs. Ignorance of the past can make it very difficult to face problems, past mistakes teach you what you did wrong, which help you to tackle problems in the future easily.You must learn about the past to be open about the future...
that makes no senseDo you mean "dust" as in "ashes to ashes, dust to dust"?  That refers to the decaying of the body after death.Do you mean, turn to DUST?  Because the body deteriorates and we return to DUST.Do you mean dust?  Entropy - the tendency for matter to break down.
HUGE is when we sit and look at it; but if we stand and start digging it, it  will diminish through time. Therefore, do what you can every time.in my opinion helping one child or one helpless person is better than not helping at all.all you can do is take little steps. one person can do a lot of good, but it will never fix the entire problem. God bless you and take care! i also want to say that it's good to read that you want to help. you're a lot like me. :)Just pray, and send some money to the misionaires.
Attitude means the mentality and aptitude means skillthe first is what we think we know. the second is what we can learnAttitude has several meanings.  It could refer to how a person feels about a subject.  It also refers to the position of an aircraft relative to the horizon.. . Aptitude is the ability to perform a task.
If a person having a passport he will be eligible for accessing the following benefites,. . 1.Identification of Citizen of one Nation.. 2.Getting bank loans in easy way.. 3.Creating bank accounts in very faster way.. 4.For Election time he can show passport for polling.. 5.Getting all the features of Government policies.. 6.Registaring in employeement office.. . and many things he can access in easy way if he having the passport.shows proof of citizenshipi have one but i dont like the pictureTo travel.  There's a new law that's been passed--it isn't in effect yet--where people will HAVE to have a passport to get in and out of the US and Canada.  Currently, you can get in and out of the US with just a birth certificate and photo ID, but passports are the new requirement.makes things much easier when traveling out of the countryA legalised and established manner to proove identity and citizenship, for travel or  administrative purposeMost countries will not let you inside their county without a passport from your country.  Rephrased, to travel in and through most other countries, one needs a passport.these are the requirements why:. . PASSPORTS: U.S. citizens who travel to a country where a valid U.S. passport is not required will need documentary evidence of their U.S. citizenship and identity.  Proof of U.S. citizenship includes an expired U.S. passport or an original birth certificate.  A certified copy of the birth certificate is also acceptable, but it must have the registrar’s signature and a raised, impressed, embossed, or multicolored seal.  If you were born abroad, a Certificate of Naturalization, Certificate of Citizenship, or Report of Birth Abroad of a Citizen of the United States will suffice.  To prove identity, a valid driver’s license or government identification card are acceptable provided they identify you by physical description or photograph.  However, for travel overseas and to facilitate reentry into the U.S., a valid U.S. passport is the best documentation available and unquestionably proves your U.S. citizenship.  Before you send your passport through the mail to apply for a visa, sign it in ink, and write in pencil your current address and daytime telephone number in the space provided.  This will help the U.S. Postal Service return it to you should it become separated from the envelope during processing. . . Some countries require that your U.S. passport be valid at least 6 months or longer beyond the dates of your trip.  If your passport expires before the required validity, you will have to apply for a new one.  Please check with the Embassy or nearest Consulate of the country that you plan to visit for their requirements. . . New Requirements for Travelers. . . The Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 requires that by January 1, 2008, travelers to and from the Caribbean, Bermuda, Panama, Mexico and Canada have a passport or other secure, accepted document to enter or re-enter the United States.  In order to facilitate the implementation of this requirement, the Administration is proposing to complete it in phases following a proposed timeline, which will be published in the Federal Register in the near future. . . In the proposed implementation plan, which is subject to a period of initial public comment, the Initiative will be rolled out in phases, providing as much advance notice as possible to the affected public to enable them to meet the terms of the new guidelines. The proposed timeline will be as follows: . . December 31, 2006 - Requirement applied to all air and sea travel to or from Canada, Mexico, Central and South America, the Caribbean, and Bermuda. . December 31, 2007 - Requirement extended to all land border crossings as well as air and sea travel. . This is a change from prior travel requirements and will affect all United States citizens entering the United States from countries within the Western Hemisphere who do not currently possess valid passports.   This new requirement will also affect certain foreign nationals who currently are not required to present a passport to travel to the United States.  Most Canadian citizens, citizens of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda, and to a lesser degree, Mexican citizens will be affected by the implementation of this requirement.to travel out of your home country.
an immune system is a thing in your body that somehow fights the germs that are trying to give you AIDS or something like that if the system wins you get better if the germs win you die very cheery huh.This system fight illnesses and infections in your body so you don't get sick.you immune system is what your body uses to fight off infectionsyour immune system is what your body builds up year after year...illness after illness...it is what helps you fight off infections.ever hear of a search engine?The immune system is the system of specialized cells and organs that protect an organism from outside biological influences.its the bodys way of fighting off viruses. So the immune systems tries its best to fight of viruses or you may get sick.
I don't think that's the rule, but check out Dr. Freud's psychology.  He would say that's some kind of trauma that children develop (Edipo & Elektra)Oedipus/ Electra Complex by Freud..   says you develop a different kind of relationship with a parent of the opposite sex.. And have a sort of subconscious envy/competition going on with the parent of the same sex..actually it all depends to the child...in my point of view the phenomena of love affection is of different type like mother affection towards the their child is different than the love of a wife toward the husband sooo love is a mystery  it is good to be a mystery  and  Ur question is type of mysterious love which cant judge on whywell one of my sons prefers his father over me, but the rest of them 1 more boy, and 2 girls prefer me!!!I understand what u mean though that is the norm. I'm not sure why though.It is, mostly because the parent of the oppiste sex gives u the most straight foward advice about, well everythingI've noticed it my family. My wife has a much easier time talking to our two boys, while I find it MUCH easier to talk to my daughter.. . The relationships are blatantly different. I suspect it carries over generally to many families.. . What I notice with my daughter is "pre-flirting" behavior. I'm not sure what else to call it -- it's flirting without the sexual component. She sort of views herself in competition to my wife for my attention emotionally, she loves to dote on me and play around in conversation, and so forth. . . I feel like she is unconsciously "practicing" for how to relate to a guy when she gets older. Also, she is looking for affirmation that she is desirable and someone I want to be with. She also loves it when I do things that show how "strong" I am -- picking her up, swinging her around, and so on. The boys like it as well, but more in the "play sense" -- where she seems to be emotionally affirmed and feel more secure as a person by knowing I am strong enough to take care of her, and that she's safe here.. . My wife really nurtures the boys, and they like to be affirmed and feel secure knowing that they have a safe place to go to, where their needs will be met, after the stresses of the day. It's like they use her for a secure haven from which they can venture out, then come back later to refuel.. . I hate to compare it to "romance" because that has negative connotations, but there's nothing sexual about it -- it's like all of the emotional aspects without the sexuality. I love her, I think she's beautiful, I love to be with her, I love to take care of her and enjoy it when she feels safe and valued. I protect her and am strong for her. . . While I love my boys as well and do those things for them, my relationship tends to be a little more impersonal and doesn't feel quite the same way.. . Sorry I can't quite articulate the feelings, it's hard to put into words.usually, when kids go to their dads, that means that the mom is more out of date then him so she totally prefers him then her.  dont take that personally moms!maybe because the girl will get information of how to get boys from her dad and the son will also get information of how to impress a girl form the mom . or the girl might get to know what boys like . and also the boy will know what girls like .I think...... it all depends on the child...No, that´s absolutely not true - I mean you shouldn´t generalize that!
Well, if I understand correctly, "shemales" are people with part of a female and parts of a male, and most "shemales" have breasts like a woman, but a penis like a man. There aren't too many woman who look like a man above the waist and a woman below, althought there have been some people who look like men but are born without genitalia or seriously deformed genitalia. So my guess as to how you become a 'shemale" would be to get breast implants but leave the dangly bits below. Oh, and dress like a woman so you can give them a REAL surprise when they get you home...Have an operation bitch.
You dont normally have to worry about them.... . As solvents are the biggest killers instantly and second only to alchol and tabbacco and thats only as used more.. . Stick to dope mate, safer and better.... . Solvents are poison, can shut down your heart, knock you unconcious and you choke on your vomit, freeze your lungs, catch fire and all sorts. . Even herion is safer though more addictive.... . Mate that stuff is soo shit must druggies wont touch it.... . And this is from a pro legaliser. . . If you survive all that first time or subsequent times not sure what it does to kidneys. . http://www.lifelinepublications.org/. . ask these guys the best in the ukcontinued solvent abuse can cause proteinuria and haematuria, hepatorenal syndrome (kidney failure) and nephrolithiasis (kidney stones), basically its not a good idea !!Something slightly worse than has happened to your brain!YOU DIEE
A successful uprising and revolt is otherwiseTo go against the Establishment, for example in French revolution against the Monarchy and the rights of the bourguesi. In Latin America revolutions against people in power to get better life or improve living conditions,il think about it. im sleepy. il mail u. just to get my 2points. haha. bytheway. u might choose my answer to giv my anther 10points? hows that, haha
Cognitive psychology is the psychological science that studies cognition, the mental processes that underlie behavior, including thinking, reasoning, decision making, and to some extent motivation and emotion. Cognitive psychology covers a broad range of research domains, examining questions about the workings of memory, attention, perception, knowledge representation, reasoning, creativity and problem solving.Cognition comes from the latin cognoscere.. . Cognoscere means to know.Basically its brain processes. In Psychology it is about how you think. Starting from a stimulus and then all the factors that have an influence on your perception of that stimulus, both physical and psychological.
u just answer my 3 que. . 1) why you have to earn money?. 2) why you have to save money?. 3) why you have to spent money?. answer this questions u will get ur answer..increase your awareness/ understanding of causes, primary effects, secondary effects, etc.. . increase your literacy with world economic problems. . you need the grade.1) Economics touches nearly every component of our lives and so its understanding is essential for an educated citizenship.. . 2) It requires a focus on logic and causal reasoning, rather than emotive decision-making and coincidence.. . 3) It combines quantitative with qualitative analysis, thus allowing for a more persuasive argumentational style.Ans. 1) You do NOT have to study economics.           2)  Same as 1).           3) Same as 2).   Always remember "Ignorance is bliss"Why do we have to study anything in school? To better understand the government and the way it works... Why study English? Why study Math? Why study History?1) to spend ur money accurately. 2) to learn about human nature. 3) to learn about economy of all countries.economics is the study of money.. if you don't understand how money works. 1- you won't know how to make money. 2- you won't know what to do with your money. 3- you won't have any money.1st: To understand what exactly is governing our world politics. 2nd: To get to know where we exactly stand in the wolrd of global competetion.. 3rd: How we can improve our existing socio-economic system by proper allocation of the resources we have..... .   Trust me, no subject other than Economics can make you do any of the things mentioned above...#1. So you can make breakfast. #2. So you can Make Lunch. #3. So you can Make Dinner. . so you can learn the fundementals of how to use you noggen and you do know how to make your bed. Do you know how to cook sew ect. Ok anther option Maid but you best have a good paying Job.well two ways why, to learn how its gonna drop and screw you or to learn how to earn money.I too wonder that!!
I am suprised no one has given this answer yet but my opinion is because people like to feel smart. It's reassuring to one's own sense of intelligence to feel like they know the answer to something that someone else doesn't. It's an ego boost, a confidence enabler and just makes people proud of themselves.Because most of us are bored stiffcoz they know the answer or have an idea on what is being asked and just wants to be of help, sensible questions gets sensible answers and stupid ( on purpose) questions gets stupid answers so the quality of the answer depends on the quality of the question.i believe that this time in the morning means they cannot sleep or there is nothing on TV, or like some answers they are just plain bored with life just like me aim on Holiday with nothing to do but sit infrount of this bloody screen and answer question from people like youBecause I like to answer a question just like ursim sad lonely and dersperately want to know what level 2 isboredom and sometimes you have to research stuff, which is fun and you might learn a thing or two!Basically we come to know about people and what's going on in this world to an extent. Answering for what u know is just our suggestions, like we have answers given by some big people in papers. sharing experience, thoughts, etcbecause its fun.I agree with most of the above reasons.  AND aside from all the idiot perverts and juvenile pranksters using this forum - I think normal people are here to enjoy the social aspect of this.  It's like hanging out in a college rec room and shooting the breeze about random topics.  Sometimes the topics are interesting and cutting edge and other topics are just fun because they reflect common human experiences.Best Answer - Chosen By You. . To encourage participation and reward great answers, Yahoo! Answers has a system of points and levels. The number of points you get depends on the specific action you take. The points table below summarizes the point values for different actions. While you can't use points to buy or redeem anything, they do allow everyone to recognize how active and helpful you've been. (And they give you another excuse to brag to your friends.) . . Source(s):. http://answers.yahoo.com/info/scoring_sy...Simply because bored people like you keep asking .because i dont have schoool and i need some good questions like this.  Go public education. . Next time make it multiple choiceu posted a question don't u want an answer? that's yBecause our very nature wants to help people.  We are service oriented.  That is, those who answer the questions.to win World Cup tickets.why else but boredemBecause there is nothing to do other than look at porn or shitty flash movies all day.It's my little way of reaching out and helping others. I try to answer seriously, from my heart, you know? You're probably looking for the answer "out of boredom" or something like that. Sorry I didn't give you the common answer. Good luck, hope you get the answers you're looking for. =)Boredom mostly.well i like to give advice and i have plenty to say lol so why not try and help people out a littleTo express my thoughts, opinions, and share knowledge.. You can gain great insight from both the questions and the answers.For fun.To help.. . To prevent others having a ruined lif like mine by telling them what should have been done for me.. . To try and make a difference. . To challenge and answer what normally does not.. . To try and effect changes  etc. . To prevent hurt and make others happy.. . To inform and show up that reality iof that which is thought good is actually bad and what is commonly thought bad that is actually good.because Im bored, and I can...Probably for the same reasons people ask questions! :)when there's demand there will be supply..when there's questions, there will be answers... simple as that.. when you ask a question, you expect answers...if not, you will feel disappointed..... so there are a lot of good people here doing you a good deed...be grateful for it.try cerescapeI have fun.  I also think it is a challange.  I want my best answer percentage to be higher then my just answers percentage.  Too bad I can't get people to vote for my answer in questions.  . . Right now I am at 17% best and 82% other.  I wonder what the extra 1% is!  LOL!I personally believe that while answering a question here.. . I am learning things as wellI don'tIt's fun.Well, I can not answer for everyone else but the reason that I answer the questions here is because I feel that my knowledge can help someone else out. That is why I only answer certain questions, not everyone that i come ascroos. Yours was an interesting question so I gave you my answer.in this case cause it's an easy two points and it will make you feel better because you know another person bothered.usually boredom---combined with trouble sleepingsomething to do.why do poeple ask some of these questions thats what i like to knowbecause its worldwide answers. you get all kinds of answers and its cool coz you asked a question and you get all countries replying in least than  10 scondsmost of the people are addicated to answerI do it because I feel that my knowledge of a certain subject may be able to help someone in need. Especially those who are scared, worried, and/or hurting.. . What about you?. . Why are you answering questions here?well i think people answer these questions for different reasons.. one of the major reasons might be coz people are bored and this is a harmless way to kill time. then there might be others who wud like to share their knowledge, help others and so on.... by the way, what was ur hunch?
Because there is too much money being made on the old-school energy sources.  George Bush, who is in league with oil companies and the like, would be the last person to actually pursue new energy sources.. Once we get rid of him, and it becomes clear that finding new (and most likely cleaner) sources of energy will also help the economy, it'll start to happen.  Nothing good can happen while these clowns are in office.I'd have to agree with bellows. If it doesn't bring money into their pockets or their campaigns, they could care less. If an organization, say like Greenpeace, gave the same amount the tobacco companies gave to  politicians, trust that things would change.We have already developed alternative energys but they cost more that oil. When oil get higher than thees other energys you will see people switch to them.To produce Hydrogen, Water atoms have to be separated by either electricity or heat.   Using today's technology that it would take 5,000 Nuclear reactors to produce the amount of Hydrogen to replace the amount of gasoline we use in the US.. Batteries are a good substitute but we are limited to trips of 100 miles before we need a recharge of about 4 to 8 hours.  . Ethanol is a good idea but if we have a drought then there  isn't any fuel for the next year or more.. . It isn't the government's responsibility to Invent anything.  America became great by it's own citizens coming up with the bigger better mouse trap.  It is up to us not the US government to come up with the solution.  We need to get to work because the solutions that the government is backing won't work in the long term.cuz they dont want to face reality that we are out of oil!!!!
Dreaming of the past and your mind puts it into what ever scenerio.  Go with it and enjoy, there are a million people that would love to dream about lost loved onesAssuming your wife has passed on ...I think in reality it is your subconscious. You are more than likely missing her or certain things she used to do. Some would say that it is her way of communicating with you...if you believe in the issues of speaking from the beyond. It all depends on what your beliefs are and if you chose the scientific approach or the spiritual approach.Dead people who appear alive in dreams have three general categories of participation: cameo, resolution and judgment. Cameo participation is a little eerie in recall, but not particularly noteworthy in the dream itself. In these cases, the dreamer simply sees a dead person intact and living, just hanging around in the dream scene. Often there is little direct participation in the dream per se. The dream image probably is tied to an activity that the dreamer and dead person once participated in together. Most likely, there is a latent sense of missing the person that made the dream appearance possible. . Resolution participation usually involves a specific action with the dead person. In this case, the dead person?s presence is central to the unfolding storyline. Either you lack something they need or they act in a way to provoke emotion (positive or negative) from you. In either case, the transaction or inability to complete it revolves around some deficit that needs resolution in the relationship. These dreams may carry a sense of judgment or joy, depending on whether or not the relationship transaction is resolved. . .  .  .  .  .  .  Judgment can often involve the dead person as a dead person or zombie. These dreams are particularly troubling as we often see ourselves as unable to reverse or complete the necessary actions to salvage a situation. What traits did the deceased embody during their lives (i.e. Uncle John was a saint; Aunt Agnes was mean)? Was their behaviour in the dream consistent with or contrary to their general behaviour in life? Perhaps you need to look more closely at the true personality of the deceased and how they were characterised by you.Time to remarry again.dreams are what u think about. maybe you're scared or worriedI am guessing your wife has passed?  You probably miss her and the love and life you shared still has an imprint on your mind.I think night dreams are just like "day dreams" -- just things on our minds - even subconscious.
Not too bad.  I have anxiety disorder, so the mornings always kind of suck for some reason, but im okay, eventhough I gotta be at work tonight in about 2 hours.hmmm... ok i guess. at least im alive and healthy. ive got so much to thank the Lord for.Been feeling paranoid a lot lately, I think there might be something mentally wrong with me.in love with you. because youre beautifulstressed out. i have finals next week :( i hope i do well on chem and geometry!!Tired and in pain.. Dug up plants at my mom's for three hours.  Then took them home and dug up new flower beds, and planted for another four hours.oklike crapola - i have a splitting headacheA little sore and tired, but happy to be going to bed. Thanks for asking.i am not unwell...Very happyNot too bad, thanks. I've spend the day rather casually doing some writing and taking care of the business piling up on my desk so I feel pretty good about the day in general. What about your day?? Thanks for asking!!Peachy, because I've been eating alot of fruit lately.Refreshed. . For two reasons, first it was pay day and secondly, well thats private.Excited, I'm going out tomorrow night with my best friend for a "girls night out"! : ) Always fun!Not bad considering I'm in allergy hell.grrrrrrrrrrrrreat! i just had frosted flakes, of course.crappy, I am at work for about another 2 hourstired, because I worked aLL WEEK.  I'm glad it's the weekend!!!Great here thanks...you?Nauseous. No idea why, but it sucks.Great and you?feeling great!  I just chat with my BF who is overseas.very dprestnot too shabby, could use some cereal though.OK. my cheek on my left side is swelled up from getting my wisdom tooth pulled out. So I'm doing OK.Like I want to cry, I can't explain why.I am feeling happy. Today was the last day of school and that mean I get to sleep late!!!!!
lol yeah!if being gay or supernaturally vain is concedered to be special!. . actually maybe they are special for being sooooooooooo.....can i say it?no sorryAnswer: people set a standard arbitrarily and then get stuck in it.  Britain changed its weights and measures over to the (more organised) French system because of the European Union.   USA stayed with what we'd left them.   I think a lot of countries drive on the left... hang on, gives me an idea...Actually, I can answer this quite authoritatively.. It all goes back to the American War of Independence. When America was a British colony it naturally used the Imperial (British) measurement system. When the US achieved independence they wanted to disassociate themselves with the UK as much as possible. Even in language. The decided to alter what was seen as illogiocal spellings (hence US English 'Color' versus UK English 'colour' etc). Europe had been ravaged by the Napoleonic Wars and when Napoleon conquered a country he also wanted to change those 'old ways' of doing things. Including which side of the road people travel on. He reversed it as a symbol of change. The US went along with this. That is why the US and mainland Europe drive on the right side of the road. In the UK we drive on the left - because we weren't invaded by Napoleon.. As for measurements. Well, when it became independent the US wanted to change its language. They didn't want to use English at all. But that was impractical - most people in the US spoke it. Likewise with measurements - they were the standard for commerce so never got changed.. That, hopefully, explains why the US still uses Imperial measurements but why they drive on the right.I don't know for certain but my guess would be:. Measurements, other countries in the EU always used metric so UK adopted it, just as it looks likely to adopt the Euro. Americans are not part of that and so have no need to adopt these things. As for the driving on the right, i imagine the thing about the horses is correct.. There are other countries apart from the UK countries where they drive on the left as well.my guess is that brits drive on the left side because they have done that for a really long time and switching it would cause waaay too many accidents.. americans use different measurements because they tried to convert to metric back in the 60's or 70's i think, but they just couldn't get used to it. (i guess most of us just aren't smart enough)COmpanyies like the metric system because they can sell less at the same price and try to think they're fooling people they're getting the same amount. Liter vs. Quart.I don't know but if I was ever over there I would probably get in a car accident.We Brits drive on the left because we like annoying the rest of Europe!  And the USA still use Imperial feet and inches to annoy Canada...i agree with anthony aboveonly uk and Australia drive on left side, every where else on the right. measures for uk derives from the kingdom's merchants.I read somewhere that the reason we drive on the left here in the UK is because horse riders traditionally carry their whip in the left hand, and passing on the left means they didn't get their whips tangled as they passed each other.. . and that the US chose the right specifically to be different to the UK.. not surprising for a country that was fighting for its independence.The Americans use different measures because they missed out on the metric system and we Brits drive on the left side of the road because it's the right side of the road.
Ancient Rome was full of drums, horns, percussion instruments, and harps.  Singing was also popular.sonnets . or just the way the instuments player feels
We could always ask your fine looking a$$ to come up with some more.  WOW you look good in RED.why do they have braille on drive up teller machines?I guess we'll just have to repeat the same ones over again.We wont run out of hypothetical questions if people are needing advice or needing excuses. But if we do run out of them it should be fine since we don't need them. If we do run out of them maybe the world will be a more honest place.ok Hypothetically....  .    i think ppl couldnt use a big word  is their questions anymore.. . .   but Hypothetically speakingI want to answer....but hypothetically, I really shouldn'tMaybe we could start RETORICAL questions...LOLWhat would happen if I answered you?we never will there with always be someone out there with a what if anything can happen so just let it happen and deal with it the best you canJust post pictures of your underware instead.i like youWhat if we run out of stupid questions?
virues delete files or overwrite themIf you are talking about a computer virus--my thoughts are that they are  are very bored, intelligent people out there. They have nothing to do but try to show they have some kind of intelligence that is destructive. They are aggressive people with the only way they can attack is to do it through computers, and unsuspecting people that really care about trying to communicate. So all you Attacking virus people-we will talk, don't attack us.
i suggest you have some sleep right now, cause you're not seeing it double, you've posted that question over 6 times.. . Keep it up!to keep them moist for one, and not dry out.. . also with closed eyes, your eyes cannot focus on anything, therefore they will relax.try falling asleep with your eyes open...... impossiblewhat if we didnt close our eyes when asleep? that would mean if you fell asleep driving then your passenger would think everything is ok ..until you ran off that cliffIt helps you relaxThat's the way you sleep.  I have a cousin who sleeps with her eyes OPEN.  What a scary sight!When your body relaxes, your eyelids relaxes and they close.y? do u want bags under your eyes??DUH, if your eyes were open you wouldn't be sleeping now wouldn't you????. . How stupid can you get??????To say we close our eyes when we sleep is to say we have something to do with it but we don't. Our eyes close automatically. Whether our eyes are open or shut is controlled by the autonomic nervous system. The condition is involuntary. Although while awake we can close our eyes voluntarily as soon as we stop thinking about it they openand we do not have to think about keeping them open. As soon as we lose consciousness they automatically close. Closed eyes help us sleep and also they are less likely to dry out. . There are people who often sleep with their eyes partially open.cuz  you're eyes when you keep them open you're eyelids run out of silaba from you're eyes to protect you're eyes don't wet them you're you're mouth silaba!! it is to dangras if you sleep with you're eyes open!!!!!if you slept with your eyes open,you'd never get to sleep. your mind would still be awake....oh,listen to me,I sound like a professor.hahaso your eyeballs won't dry out!cuz where humanGod made us that way..................and it relaxes the whole body ................eyes are for seeing.............and to close your eyes is to reach the inner man.................and the inner man is at rest...........We close our eyes to pray (inner man reaching God) we close our eyes to kiss (inner man reaching love) and to sleep (inner man reaching rest)................and you can have all three with Jesus.........................because if your eyes were open, you would be awake!because you dont' have a choice.Look this is a ridiculous question but you have 2 close your eyes cause you cant sleep well if you don't o and it helps you relax!because you haven't been a certified marine's soldier yet, nor' have ya become a 5 s*t*a*r ninjabecause your not a ninja and trained to sleep with your eyes open :DThats the only way you can sleep, if you try to sleep with eyes open you just would be slepy the next morning.you need to sleep with your eyes closed because then you can get the eye liquid in your eyes / or to clean them. like backteria's that go inot your eyes when you touch them.Well wen your body relaxes your muscles dont really help keep your eyes open cause there in a relaxing zone and you body is also tired.
If you are studying to become a public bureaucrat or policy wonk, it is very important that you understand the economic implications of policies that you will devise.  Most social policies have very big economic impact, and so you need to understand how they will affect the individual consumer.  Theory of consumer behavior is just that, a theory, but as long as you don't take every thing very literally, you'll find that it is very applicable and useful for a lot of policy decisions.as far as i can remember its basically for policy considerations. if you raise or lower a tax will it affect how the item or good is purchased and how far up or down will the equilibrium move. and you can use it to estimate the tax gain from a good or market and the share of the burden that the supplier and the consumer bear
It could be argued that it is human nature.  Very young children are quite self-centred, without actually meaning to be 'selfish' or 'stingy' in a strict sense.  With age and maturity, this gradually changes into a more 'normal' give-and-take relationship with others.  However, this might not just 'happen' if the child is not consciously guided and consequently does not experience the inherent joy in giving or compassionate behaviour in general.ya there r some person who hv bad mentality,they doesn't want thet others person shld have benefits frm them,trully speaking they r selfish,it is better to maintain distance with them.I've never had that problem. I prefer to give.I like to give and find taking difficult!i give most of the time... and doesnt have difficulty on this kind of deed... it is a nice feelingbecause giving usually means we have to take the time out of our life and do something, or give up something we want...and sometimes we have this internal selfish thing that lingers in us that wants to hold onto what we have because it is ours..yet when someone gives us something we take it without thinking..b/c all we have to do is take it right??Greediness!Because it takes less effort to thank someone and take than to give something and say you're welcome.. . . BTW..I'm a giver usually, but I'm not afraid to take when offered.I am a giver, .. I guess it was how you were raised, and how wealthy you are, or were...
Because there is no money in a cure. Why would any company really want to find a cure for cancer...if you think about it...all Cancer Charities would go out of buisness because there would be no more fundraising...then from the perspective of a Pharmacutical company you have to understand that if they had 1 pill to cure cancer then they would only have one sale...but if you sell many products over a long period of time, just enough to keep someone alive but not fully cured...then you make so much more money. Its sad but true.there is.Thee are treatments for it but there is no "cure" because there are so many different cancers and scientists and doctors just do not understand any of them very well. I believe though that there will probably be a cure within the next 50-75 years.there is a cure for cancer it is called the HOXSEY method and then there is ESSIAC and SCUDDER'S ALTERNATIVE.there is but ppl are to stupid to find it.Who says there isn't a cure??  The doctor's or the pharmaceutucal companies??  They're the ones who would really lose if we found a cure!!!u tell meTHERE PROBABLY IS BUT THE GOVERNMENT DOESN"T WANT TO GIVE IT TO US CAUSE THEY THINK THAT THE WORLD POPULATION IS TOO BIG AND THEY WANT PPL TO DIE!! why? i don't know why i just made up this answer!!!!Cancer is not cured for two reasons;. 1... cancer is making billions of dollars for the medical industry.. even cancer research is a bottomless money pit and a vast money making industry...as long as they are "looking for a cure" they can make a living...... 2...Cancer is caused by products made by  MOnsanto, Dupont, Armond hammer and many other Muitinational oil companies and the like..... nothing will stop these cancer causing monsters . except  World War 3. 3...Cancer's causes have been know for decades, and our government's intelligence community has been using it to get rid of persons for a long time...... . Now go have a Big Mac and a bottled water!It's not like a hangnail-- you don't know how complicated it is. Cancer begins at the very genetic code-- the very blueprint of every cell in the body. When that code is damaged, mutated cells are created from it. It's very hard to target the mutated cells to destroy them. It's a huge question. It's caused in so many different ways and manifests itself is so many different ways. There many never be a single "magic bullet" cure for it.because then the drug companies would go out of business..they should name it something elseBecause cancer isn't just a single disease--it takes many different forms.  There isn't enough money or researchers to cure every form.  Also, researchers have to fix the people that are sick first to get back to the cause of the cancer.  There's also many different causes for each type of cancer.  In other words, it's a big, vicious cycle.There probably is, but it ain't been discovered yet.
children run away for as many reasons as there are children.. . I have met children who ran away because they were not allowed to stay up late or go to a party with friends.. . I have met children who ran away because they were beaten, tormented and teased.. . I was accused of being a run away but the truth was I was thrown out of home and not allowed to return.i don't know why don't you ask them.CHILDREN RUM AWAY FROM HOME BECAUSE. . ATTENTION. NEED OF LOVE. NO APRECIATION OF WHAT THEY HAVE. LACK OF ABILITY. LACK OF SELF CONFIDENCE. IDENTITIY CRISIS. BULLYING. . OR PERHAPS IT IS NOT THE CHILDS FAULT BUT THE PARENTS DUE THAT THEY NEGLECT HIM OF HIS RIGHTS ...... OR HE IS BEATEN BY STEP PARENTS.... WE SHOULD LOOK AT BOTH SIDES......because people pronounce "Children" as "Childrens"because the misery and suffering on the streets is preferable to the hell at home. Maybe seeking help is just too risky and scary so running away seems the only option. However i think some children may feel the grass is greener on the other side.this once is easy i tryed one but my best friend stopped me, they run away because they have had either a bad past, bad time with their family or doesnt feeled loved. also bullied, beaten, just not happy really some are happy but want to visit the world etc.Because their lives are too tough! RIP to the children who didn't make it!that is about as vague as why do people commit suicide, why does one only of each pair of sox survive the washing machine and - the altime favourite - why does it rain on picnic days!!. toodlesThey were beaten so decided to join their friends and had more freedom.Various reasons, running away from something or someone, attention seeking behaviour, unhappy and they cannot or will not discuss it with their parents.Each child is an individual and you cannot generalise.i think that if thier parents race them well they won't run away exept if they have some bad friendsthey think their life is so bad that they find a 2 second solution to their problem by running awayChildren need attention and love. Home atmosphere and society in which they move are reasons. It is an emotronal lssue.Because they have no DIRECTION, no ASPIRATIONS or they refuse to conform to a structured environment.  The only exception would be a child who has been emotionally and sexually abused, then, I would not blame then at all.For various reasons, some for abuse, some feel misunderstood and not loved, some are mentally drained for different reasons, and etc.     The list goes on, each case is different, but also sad:(Attention seeking, lack of respect, no knowledge of "the outside world", "the grass is greener on the other side".Usually because of abuse.. physical, mental or sexual. A well reared child/teenager will very rarley leave the safety of it's home for the streets for no reason.. . If its a much younger child it may be because of behavioural problems.... but beware... behavioural problems don't come from nowhere, they are usually the result of difficulties the child is/has experienced. This could be anything from bad parenting (the child is unruley because i has no boudaries), to the abuse mentioned above or bulling etc.because their parents are "mean"Many reasons.Lack of parental love.Strict instructions regarding studies,lack of freedom,discord betwwrn parents etc are some of the reasons.Family as an institution is slowly collapsing.Many children run away because they are seeking attention and want to test their parents to see how much they care. However, in many cases this is a cry for help. Children have problems just like the rest of us. We as adults often tend to minimize their problems and therefore don't validate their feelings. For this reason some children feel unloved, unwanted or unappreciated and think somehow they can do better on their own. In other cases running away is a cry for help. Children who are abused and neglected may just need to get out of a bad situation and don't know how to use social resources to get help. Not to mention police, social workers, and other officials don't always remove abused children from the home. Usually if the child denies they are being abused, which they may do because they love the parent and don't want anything bad to happen to themselves, their parents, or siblings, and if investigations and home visits do not identify obvious abuse, then children remain in the abusive environment. Each case of running away should be investigated with caution and scrutiny to determine the true cause for the child running away and remedy the problem, because run-a-ways tend to run away repeatedly and by doing so they are at the mercy of people on the streets who may not have their best interest at heart.They feel frustrated or hopeless or picked on, and are unable to successfully communicate their frustrations and don't feel they are being listened to because they're not getting their way, were they have legitimate feelings they don't know how to deal with. Sometimes they're dealing with abuse issues.  They also may fantasize about how their loss will affect their parents and picture that with their absence there will be great sadness.  (This of course depends on the age of the child.  With teenagers it's of course more complicated.  What age are you talking about?It depends what age they are, and whether they really mean it, or are  simply making a point?Children is plural. You don't need to add an 's' at the end.small children do it to get attention; my nephew does it all the time but he just hangs out in the yard. its cute.coz they argur and they are depressedthere not happy or safe in their home environmentSometimes just to get attentionchildren!the very words spell-extremely emotional,restless,fun-loving, imaginative, careless,dreamers,enthusiastic, energetic and immature.having so may words to describe them makes them"handle with care and love"objects.for them there is nothing called fear.they live in the world of heroes-supermans and spidermans.we (the grown ups)and especially the parents have to live in their world and slowly bring them to reality.(instead of jolting them from their dream world).and if u are able to cope up with their dream world and reality u can avoid run-away kids.because they feel as though their parents dont love them and their life if closing in on themAttention.. Fear.. Revenge. (See attention.). Salvation.. Ill-placed faith in another.I did strategically run away from my home at some point of time, not because my parents are mean. I realise now that, some children are more intelligent to understand that home is not as natural as we perceive.
there are 3 kinds of leaders. 1-one who lead others. 2-one who lead but takes initiative from the led. 3-circumstantial leaders.. read the following articlesOK, let me to you a story.  When I was in high school I confronted an entire gang.  I told them if they met with the freshmen again I would take them out one by one.  Every one of them back down as I looked each one in the eyes.. . In a group of people feel very powerful, that is why many join gangs.  Individually most of these people feel weak, unless it's the gang leader.  There is strength in numbers.. . Unless someone is a gang leader they may never learn how to make decisions by themselves.  So it does effect the actions of the individual.Makes you want to steal and kill.That is something I never understood.  How could a person who is normally rational & smart become part of a crazy out-of-control mob?  But I'm guessing that part of it has to do with the idea that because there are many people at the same time participating in this craziness, that he/she has no culpability.i think ppl of 'weak will' follow the crowd regardless of how ludicrous the actionsshared responsibility, distributed guilt, not my fault if it don't work out, must be done for good of every body, it relates to teamwork and nation building us/them thinking. related to gang resonse seen in baboon to threats, like in how they will mob a cheeta and tear it into little pieces, to protect their females and children. The response in fear to a threat that one person would be unable to face but a group can deal with, so it is similar to team work and military and corporate loyalty and the french expression esprit de corps. cool question, mob think changes man into superman in the fascist fashionthey forget they are responsible for their actions... when others are 'cheering" them on and telling them it's the right thing to do they forget what there heart is telling them and what the effects of their actions will be..this can be a good or a bad thing.if you cannot beat them join themCrowd psychology is a branch of social psychology. Ordinary people typically can gain direct power by acting collectively. Historically, because large groups of people have been able to affect dramatic and sudden social change, in a manner that bypasses established due process, they have also provoked controversy. The collective action that some people condemn, others support. Social scientists have developed several different theories for explaining crowd psychology, and the ways in which the psychology of the crowd differs significantly from the psychology of those individuals within it. Major thinkers of crowd psychology include Gustave Le Bon, Gabriel Tarde, Sigmund Freud, Elias Canetti, among others...People who are afraid to think for themselves or stand by their own beliefs are prone to mob mentality.  Find a group, fit yourself inside and be invisible.  Let the group talk for you.  Not for me...no guts, no glory.Another aspect of mob mentality is that people in a crowd are less likely to do something good or nice for someone else or to help out someone in distress. In the crowd a person tends to think: "No worry someone else will help them." A lone individual is more likely to think: "I'd better do something or no one will."Basically  you become like the people you hang with..... . . This is true....  and hopefully you will see this before it is too late. . . When trouble starts you should walk the other way.... as we by nature get influenced by what is happening around you... . . A good example of this is in the nature,  in bees....     Scientists have found that the whole bee hive need not be full of African killer bees before the bees swarm as killers..     Its the the actions of a few that have influenced the whole... . . The answers to this and many questions are all around us... . Your attitude of examining questions and searching for good and honest answers will take you further in life.    Better making the correct choices... . . Good luckby forcing an opinion and way of life on the less in numbers for fear of their lives in some situtations.As part of a mob you lose the idea of individuality, including your own morals and personal beliefs. You also lose the concept of right and wrong...in a general sense. What the mob does is right and any opposition to it is wrong.The individual feels anonymous in a mob. Thus the individual feels he can get away with actions that normally he.she would most likely get caught for.
It's according to where you are.  In the States it's a few seconds.  In Jamaica or The Bahamas it can be hours.It depends on the level of patience that the person sees it on the other person when he/she says. A momnet can be 5 second or 10 minutes or so. But can not be so long of course.I need a moment to think about this one...... . . Ummmmm..... . . That was about 3 seconds!  My Moment in Time!give me a moment ... u'll get the answer when i returnit simply means wait.. could be even as long as 5 mins3 to 5 secondsa couple seconds just not at the momentLOL, a moment can be as short as a minute, and as long as eternity, to some people. I make fun of my sister of whom often exclaims, " Wait a second " of which usually turns out to be an hour or more. LOL  Have a Great Summer:)Five minutes.Moment= A brief, indefinite interval of time.. . Brief= Short in time, duration, length, or extent.. . Indefinite= Not definite, especially:.                 Unclear; vague. .                 Lacking precise limits: an   indefinite   leave of absence. .                 Uncertain; undecided: indefinite about their plans. . . "I THINK IT DEPENDS ON THE PERSON AND WHAT IT IS REGARDING."well its quite subjective n depends how n were u r communicating!! normally can be some seconds or even minutes!!To me, a moment pretty much means "until I get back with you".  Sometimes it can be a very long moment or even a short moment....Just depends upon who is saying it and what they are doing at the time they say it.It depends on that person saying it.  I've found that it can be very quick or entirely too damn long. LOL!A brief, unspecified amount of time.
The handshake evolved from men presenting an empty hand to show they were not armed.When people came together and did not know each other or were not friends they would offer there arm to show they were not caring a weapon and then they would grab each others arms almost to the elbow and shake it. This was to prove that they were not hiding a knife. When men became warriors and started wearing Armour the hand shake went out of fashion. A low bow to Royalty, a half bow to lesser Royalty and a bowed head to every one else higher then you. As people began to inter act more on a social  level the hand shake come back in style. It showed respect to the one you were talking to and your willingness to except them on your level. . . The hand shake as we know it probaly started in the middle east where the right hand is considered the clean hand and the left hand is used for body functions. This is why when a man is judged a thief his right hand is cut off. If he has no one to feed him he starves. By shaking hands we are saying we except you as a good person who is honest. Not always true but the hand shake no longer means as much as it ounce did.Darwinism, in other words the theory of evolution, was put forward with the aim of denying the fact of creation, but is in truth nothing but failed, unscientific nonsense. This theory, which claims that life emerged by chance from inanimate matter, was invalidated by the scientific evidence of clear "design" in the universe and in living things. In this way, science confirmed the fact that God created the universe and the living things in it. The propaganda carried out today in order to keep the theory of evolution alive is based solely on the distortion of the scientific facts, biased interpretation, and lies and falsehoods disguised as science.. Yet this propaganda cannot conceal the truth. The fact that the theory of evolution is the greatest deception in the history of science has been expressed more and more in the scientific world over the last 20-30 years. Research carried out after the 1980s in particular has revealed that the claims of Darwinism are totally unfounded, something that has been stated by a large number of scientists. In the United States in particular, many scientists from such different fields as biology, biochemistry and paleontology recognize the invalidity of Darwinism and employ the concept of intelligent design to account for the origin of life. This . "intelligent design" is a scientific expression of the fact that God created all living things.. We have examined the collapse of the theory of evolution and the proofs of creation in great scientific detail in many of our works, and are still continuing to do so. Given the enormous importance of this subject, it will be of great benefit to summarize it here.. . . (THE SCIENTIFIC COLLAPSE OF DARWINISM). . Although this doctrine goes back as far as ancient Greece, the theory of evolution was advanced extensively in the nineteenth century. The most important development that made it the top topic of the world of science was Charles Darwin's The Origin of Species, published in 1859. In this book, he denied that God created different living species on Earth separately, for he claimed that all living beings had a common ancestor and had diversified over time through small changes. Darwin's theory was not based on any concrete scientific finding; as he also accepted, it was just an "assumption." Moreover, as Darwin confessed in the long chapter of his book titled "Difficulties of the Theory," the theory failed in the face of many critical questions. . Darwin invested all of his hopes in new scientific discoveries, which he expected to solve these difficulties. However, contrary to his expectations, scientific findings expanded the dimensions of these difficulties. The defeat of Darwinism in the face of science can be reviewed under three basic topics:. 1) The theory cannot explain how life originated on Earth. . 2) No scientific finding shows that the "evolutionary mechanisms" proposed by the theory have any evolutionary power at all. . 3) The fossil record proves the exact opposite of what the theory suggests.. . The power evolutionists impute to the three force they believe to have produced life—time, mud, and chance—is actually enough to elevate them into a trinity. They believe that the combination of these random forces gave shape to the human brain, intelligence, cognitive ability, judgment and memory.. In this section, we will examine these three basic points in general outlines:. . . The First Insurmountable Step: . (The Origin of Life). . The theory of evolution posits that all living species evolved from a single living cell that emerged on the primitive Earth 3.8 billion years ago. How a single cell could generate millions of complex living species and, if such an evolution really occurred, why traces of it cannot be observed in the fossil record are some of the questions that the theory cannot answer. However, first and foremost, we need to ask: How did this "first cell" orI don't know about evolution, but I think it started in the middle-ages, when it basically proved that you didn't have a knife hidden in your sleeve.  If you were meeting someone you really didn't know, you weren't sure that they wouln't try to kill you, so it's like saying, "Hi, I'm frendly & un-armed!"It started as way for possible adversaries to greet each other in a way that shows that there were no weapons in their hands.It began long ago to show that the hand held no weapon, and therefore the person came in peace.In the Dark Ages, when meeting a person, they would grip his wrist to make sure he wasn't hiding a dagger. It eventually evolved into a handshake to to show that you were a friend and unarmed.
cos the tune and the lyrics directly strike ur heartCuz they canIt appeals to a section of memory. It is an art that some songwriters have.The field of music cognition involves the study of many aspects of music including how it is processed by listeners.I don't know but they sure know how to do it.I think it the beat and how many times the artist repeat the same words
There cars suck, why would you want to eat there food?do you mean Genetically Engineered (GE) food?Or do you mean Generally Mean (GM) food?I would say totally ethically wrong for animals-the outcome is their use for food, not producing a naturally living animal, or helping the animal. However, it seems to me the major ethical concern for agriculture (other than the actual concern of contaminating natural strains with the pollen of engineered plants-potentially big problem) is actually a "conspiracy theory" which could easily be disproven-that someone is engineering the nutrients out of the food supply, or engineering them so less nutrients are absorbed by digestion.
The answer is simple, go to a firehouse and ask to get information on training to be a frefighter. Take the exam, find employment and start working. And if anyone says you can't be a firefighter, commit yourself to the American pastime: sue them! Sexual discrimination is illegal, and will prove the point that a woman can be(and a great number have been) a firefighter.1st:  Be a woman. 2nd:  Find a fire. 3rd:  Fight itVolunteer to see what the job fully entails.  If you continue to like it, apply for a position with a firestation or on a government firefighting team.  Most fire departments have a testing process you must pass and a training period to go through in order to be hired.  Go to the link below to search for entry level firefighting jobs with the BLM or Forest Service.just be a fire fighterall you have to do is apply,pass physical exam.......My friend used to work for CDF.  She said the training was brutal.  Going up and down mountains with 70 pound back-packs on in over 100 degree heat.  If you are physically fit and are not afraid of hard work, this job might be for you.  Go to your local CDF or fire house.  I'm  Sorry CDF is the California Dept. of Forestry.  Good luck.Go to school and do it. Its not fireman or fire woman, it's firefighter.
Maybe you could pass the boundaries of the universe, but that soes not constitute the boundaries of space. It seems logical that there has to be something beyond everything. But for infinity to exist as a physical entity, it would have to be expanding as we speak, infinitel faster than the speed of light, therefore, it is already there(where? Everywhere!). . Actually, infinite something is logically impossible. only infinite nothingness is possible, following logic.Don't think so, there was an article I read a few years back that they have discovered that space actually is layered upon layers, with a rippling effect and instead of expanding into nothingness it is actually continuing to grow wider and deeper.  Quite a concept.  I wish I could find that article for you it surely would broaden your mind on the subject.. . However, logic tells me that there is something beyond what you call its limits, there is a something more...we just don't know.If you were living in, let's say, the year 3029. with really  good people investigating, the answer will probably be on the news. but until then, the answer remains unproven. In the future, they will probably have better technology than they do today, as so I've heard. Please check your English.base on the Big Bang theory, the Universe is expanding; therefore, it is infinite.Don't understand your English and what has the subject matter got to do with Anthropology?simply because we don't know the actual answer
Because of the way the economy affects the people of a given region as a whole.Because it deals with economic activities of a man living in the society. Robinson Crusoe's problems of wealth is not economics as he was stranded isolated in an island without human society.because it has effect on the society.Social science is the study of sociaty.. . The economy is very important to sociatyas all the science subjects are based on experiments and conclusions, Economics is also based on that. . Economists study the market behavior and predict their future condition.. Economics directly affects the society, so it is called social science, which is as important as the other science subjects.Because economics implies examining how people choose to use limited or scarce resources in attempting to satisfy their needsbecause economy can effect human life.
My fall out boy CD (from under the cork tree), because it helps me through hard times and Whenever I turn on my CD player and the music starts to play I forget about everything and just zone out and feel like I'm at a concert and they're singing to me! I love that CD and I don't know how I'd survive without them, That CD means more to me then anything else I own. I'm actually listening to them now lol!it's my son...my life only started being meaningful when he came into my life...he was the only one who has given me direction and the reason why i became who i am right now...What means the most to me is being able to fulfill the promises I made as a young teenager lying on my deathbed one dreary august morning. As I was trying to survive my bout with chronic itp, I asked God for a bargain.. That if he lets me borrow some more time on earth I'd make it a promise to make a difference in someone's life. And everyday for the past 13 years I've been doing just that-- trying to make a difference by loving the people around me in the best way I can.My intelligence means the most to me because I have a fear of being academically challenged (stupid)my children mean the most to me.   I have two little boys, ages 2+3.  Their names are Josh and Seth.  They are so cute and sweet and they make every day worth living.  Life wouldn't be the same without them.  I couldn't even imagine it.  I love them with all my heart!god family friends and then boyfriendMy Husband And My Baby Girl..I Love My Husband He's The 1 Who Care About Me And He's The1 Who Take Care About Me... And My Baby Girl Mean The World To Me !!my dog, she is always there for memy daughter means the most to me, because there is absolutely nothing i would give my life for except her....My husband and children and my life too!My family. They are my life and without them i wouldn't be alive. They are my support system,my friends,my partners in crime,my life. My mother is what keeps me together and supports me through everything. My father is the bright side of my day, he makes me laugh and helps me realize how great life is. My little sister,my best friend. She is always there for me no matter what,she is the partner in crime i referred to. My older sister, we don't talk much any more...but because of her i realize how the real world is, and what lies ahead for me, the good and the bad. They are my glue and they hold me together. They mean the most to me than anything else in my life.The happiness and well-being of my family is at the very top of the list. Without the support system of family I really don't think my life would be worth as much. Not descriptive, because there's just not much more I can say about this, and my family will not appreciate that I didn't fix dinner because I needed 10 points :)My children mean the world to me, because I created them, and carried them inside of me for 9 months, they are my flesh and blood, they are my everything.my family means the most to me.  i would do anything for them.  i would die for my kids, if i had to.  they r the love of my life.  most of the time when someone has a family that will be the answer.Changing this world to the better, even if a little, and earning the love of God and his creatures while doing it.Myself, my girl-friend, and our life together.. . Why? Well, come on, think about it.Well I would have to say that my family and friends mean the most to me! I keep them close because I know that if I never need help they will be there for me to fall back on! I grew up with my friends and family and they know who I really am and they treat me like a person instead of an animal! If I had the choice to stay with my family and friends or have the world... I would pick my family and friends! I could have everything in the world but having everything doesn't always make you happy! But know that I have people that care about me... That means EVERYTHING to me!
The riots in France happened a while ago and there is no civil unrest at the moment.  Most tourists visit France in the summer and there shouldn't be any affects going forward.  I would say that there is little to no affect from the riots on tourism in France.about an 8% reductionI don't think that France economy depends so much on tourism where we can say it has so much influenced.I don't have the statistics but I grant to the outside world the country seems a bit more dangerous and less idyllicNot a lot. The riots appeared to happen in suburban ghettos, not the countryside or the coastal resorts tourists go to.
well the number one answer we are bored lol. but many reasons for me i cant answer for everyone but i can for myself i am a recluse_ someone who never leaves their safety of  ones home i am online to meet with people in a safe comfertable way that i am okay with so that i can still interact with society. also i met my husband now online we can shop online we can get helpfull information online read online listen to music online we can watch movies talk to strangers in other countries and so many more and this is why i come onlineFor me it's a combination of boredom, avoiding doing certain chores and my rather poor laptop can't handle gamesso big brother knows where we are and what's in our head?entertainment and friends.Tonight it is for escapismmost of us long to interact with other people - but with the busy lives we lead and the cost of going out to meet people, the internet is an alternative. yes we are bored and lonely - thats why we are here - and yes we use it as intertainment and excusses for not doing our work - like I am at work now and have tons to do -lolwe are On the net beacause we need to fill our lives with useless info, and mindless gamesbored
Sort of like Barney!They taste blue with a touch of red.They shouldn't taste like anything unless you're letting them dissolve in your mouth.  Then they're just gonna taste like crap!They taste purple ofcourseLike grape soda.
to do the best you can to make the world a better place. for others.To strive to acheive my own happiness while protecting another's often differing happiness. To leave judgement to those truly wise. To be a voice in a choir of angels, never a scream in a crowd of devils.The meaning of life is happiness of course.  So, the mission in life should be aimed towards what makes you sad, and eliminate it while you cultivate the things that make you happy.Where am I coming from, where will I go? What is the meaning and purpose of my life? What is death like? Is it certain that there is life after death? Do Paradise and Hell exist? What is the origin of life? Where is our Creator? What does the Creator demand from us? How can I discern between right and wrong? Where do I find the answers to these questions?…. For ages, people have sought answers to these crucial questions, given serious thought to them and discussed them thoroughly. Yet, contrary to what is generally believed, in all ages, the most reliable answers to these questions have been provided, not by the philosophers, but by the "true religion" which is the revelation of God. . Many religions have attracted adherents throughout the world-Buddhism, shamanism and paganism to name but a few. However, none of these were the revelation of God. Therefore, they were nothing more than a philosophy or a movement. Some, having merely a symbolic or cultural meaning, provided no social or psychological solutions to problems. Those who developed these religions, too, thought over these crucial questions, yet they could never find reliable answers. . Nevertheless, there are some "righteous religions" which have to be evaluated separately from these false religions. The most important feature of righteous religions, which distinguishes them from false religions, is their origin: they all have their roots in revelation. God informs mankind in the Qur'an about the superiority of the religion of truth over all other religions, philosophies or sociological systems:.  . It is He Who sent His messenger with guidance and the religion of Truth to exalt it over every other religion, and God suffices as a witness. (Surat al-Fath: 28) . . It is He Who sent His Messenger with guidance and the religion of Truth to exalt it over every other religion, much as the idolaters may hate it. (Surat as-Saff: 9) . . Judaism, Christianity and Islam are the religions which have their roots in revelation. Originally, they were all revealed by God, yet after their respective messengers, Christianity and Judaism were corrupted. . Man made countless distortions in the Old and New Testaments-making additions and deletions-and as the original books disappeared in time, various forged Old Testaments and New Testaments appeared. Meanwhile, the originals were completely forgotten. Hence, followers of these religions deviated from the original divine religion, and founded their beliefs, rituals, worshipping and life styles upon a wholly distorted understanding of religion fabricated by clergy and rabbis. Today, these beliefs and interpretations still persist. Thus, these distorted religions are very far from providing answers to the questions mentioned above. . After the distortion of these religions, God revealed the last divine Book, which will remain unchanged until the Day of Judgment, and He will be the One Who will surely guard it against all distortions: . . We have, without doubt, sent down the Message; and We will assuredly guard it (from corruption). (Surat al-Hijr: 9) . For 14 centuries, the Qur'an has remained unchanged, and free from corruption. Every single letter of the original hand-written copies of the Qur'an has a one-to-one relation to the current copies we have today. In every corner of the world, people read the very same Qur'an, which proves that the Qur'an is kept under the special protection of God. . Throughout history, God communicated His messages, either by His messengers or His books. The Prophet Adam (as), the first man God created on earth, was assigned the same duty by God. In other words, the first people who appeared on earth were fully aware of the existence of God. Then followed many other messengers and books all throughout world history. This fact is recounted in the Qur'an: . . Mankind was once a single community. Then God sent out prophets bringing good news and giving warning, and To have someone you love and be Loved back!! That is Life and being Alivebreathing ... a pulse helps too.... both meanfulwell i have learned you only get one life, so live it up, treat each day as a big party, work hard, play harder and just have fun, i have no worries and make each day special for me and my familyI consider it Gods planTo appreciate all the goodness around us because I have the gut feeling that is so.  To be brave enough to improve those that fall short of this norm.To me life is being born, being nourished as a child, being raised to love all mankind, grow up to be a respectful person, help those who need help when you can. Forgiving those who have faltered.  Staying happy in this world of ours even though things don't look good for use now.Truthfully, the most succinct expression of the meaning of life can be found in "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure":. . 1. Be Most Excellent to Each Other. 2. Party On!. . In other words, try to walk gently through this life with kindness and compassion towards others. Beyond that, enjoy your life the best you can.Learning to treat others as I would want to be treated.Love. And I don't mean all fuzzy "feel good love." Not all love may "feel"good, but it may produce good results.Very interesting question.  What I've told others, is that all creatures have one, primary purpose in their lives.  To eat, and have healthy reproduction.  So, the meaning of life is to eat good food, and have lots of sex.  . . But to answer your question from the angle in which you are asking, the meaning of life is to help others realize their own.
The simplest answer:  In a way, they re-create the situation, but by having many partners - at their will - they are attempting, time and time again, to achieve "control" of a situation analogous to, but not the same as, their rape.  This is simplistic; there is much, much more that lies at the root of the matter.. (To the idiot whose answer to the question was "Because they liked it": You've achieved the honor of advertising yourself as an idiot for all to see.  Congratulations!)It's an attempt to control every sexual situation... If they have sex first, it's more likely to be on their terms, rather than someone elses.P.T.S.D. and poor self worth they feel worthless and this  a self destructive behavior.This is a psychological reaction to what happend to them. They felt they lost their SELF-WORTH and promiscous SEX is one way of SAYin: YOU CAN HAVE ALL THE SEX WITH ME, IT DOESN' MATTER ANYMORE, THEY HAVE IT ALREADY BEFORE YOU (AGAINST MY WILL)!Because they blame themselves for what happened to them.  They think no one will love them because of it and they just go from one guy to the next.   Never finding what they need.They repeat the destructive acts that are forced upon them...like lashing out.Molested children tend to grow up to be molesting adults. It can go both way's, either they get promiscuous or they become a shut in...depends on your coping skills and if you seek help for your traumatic experience.I am sure that there is no one reason.  But many feel that they are "damaged".  Some are trying to get their "power" back.. . Rape is not about sex, it's about power.  Some crazy feels like they are powerless so they try and force their power onto someone.  It makes them feel powerful.. . Sex, at some level, is about power.  You let down your guards and inhibitions to let some one exert their power over you.  It's a VERY vulnerable position.  During a rape that power that you normally lay down, is taken from you.  Some people feel the need to get their power back by having sex on their terms.  When they feel like it.I think it's a way of taking back control of your body and sexuality, and sometimes it's because you feel like you were ruined and that's all you can do.It is a mental attempt to reclaim control of their bodies and sexuality.Basically the rape makes them think that the only thing they are good for is Sex... the attacker has taken away all there self worth and driven them to feel worthless.  In the time that woman was raped she is reduced to a thing... but she knows that that man wanted her so badly... so she begins to think that the only way she will EVER be wanted is to be that "thing".  .  It's very sad... We need to support these poor people and help them through their trauma... make it safe for them to come forward and get help.  We need to teach people that Rape isn't about sex or desire it's about Control and power...They liked it.you know the answerMainly its the person's mind trying to recover from the incident.. . Rape in most cases isn't about the sex, it happens because of feeling of dominance.  The feeling of power, and thrill at the fact that your victim in under your mercy.. . Because of this, victim feels powerless, helpless and to overcome this feeling of being powerless, the victim will seek out other sexual intercourse and try to get in control.. . Some people on the other hand rather likes the feeling of helplessness, so they crave it more.they have post traumatic stress disorder, and havent figured out how to handle it yet.  this is just one way to feel like they have control over their sexuality and how they cope with the incident itself. They also probably dont feel any self-worth anymore so they dont see the point in having any self-respect for their bodies
Because teenagers go through the toughests time ever....they are starting to get indipendent fromtheir parents, trying to find their own individuality.. So the parents are being replaced with their peers,a nd they all try to find a group of equal peers to belong to, because the world is a scary place all alone, and also because teens who are too different then the rest get picked on and bullied terribly. Give them a break...you were a teen once too Im sure?being a teenager and also wanting to be original, I think that people look at others who are "original" and wish they, too, could pull of that look. So these people try that look so they can also be original. then someone else sees their look and it becomes a chain of people copying other peoples original styles.I was a teen...........10 years ago. I've changed so much! We have a class reunion in a month. No one will recognize me now! Ask me why at roberta_greenberger@yahoo.com. You'll get  a kick from my story!for the same reason they think that hot topic lets u show your individuality when they don't even know who Panic @ the disco is!they dont do so & r different 4rm each other...........never seen teenagers doin the same things........exp wen theyr in groupsThey want to be accepted by their peers.It all works together in wanting to be accepted by their peers.  Rejection is a terrible thing to deal with as a teen and as a result they try to fit in...yet at the same time they have a need to feel special which is where the "originality" comes into play.
Laid back, loving, loyal, aloof but affectionate.  Likes to nap!  Instinctively knows when and how to comfort a friend.Loves cats, I guess...
The human mind does 22 billion calculations per second. It constanly monitors every single nerve cell and function of the body while dealing with our external environment. It will be approximately 5 to 10 years before a computer will be able to exceed this capability.coputers are constricted to 1 and 0 and cannot think abstractly. The human mind has imagination.Well since Einstien's not here to answer you, I will, the human mindthe human mind is because a computer gets its knowledge from the human race!humans' mind of cuz.....the most powerful computer are created by humans'. But computers are able to resolve values and remember stuffs easily.Since the human mind made computers...I would say, the human mind is the smarter of the two.For a computation of a difficult mathematical equation, the computer.. . As far as deductive reasoning, the human, since the computer needs to be program to go through flow charts, etc.. . Currently, no A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) have surpassed the complexity of the human mind.Human Mind.Technically the most powerful computer would be smarter. The human mind would be far more interesting.the human brain that invent the most powerful computerThe human mind!The human mind, even with out electricity we can think.
If you have a pop-up blocker, it's blocking the video player from popping up. Hold the control key down while you click on the link to the video and it should pop up.slow internet connection, i guess.
The idea of freedom of speech was meant to protect those who had differing opinions on religion, or political views, and the like.  Nowadays, people abuse this freedom, not just expressing their opinions, but being emotionally abusive to others.  It is just a sign of the times.Generally, the limits of free expression are when they cause other people to be harmed, or to reasonably fear harm.  So, for example, if I were to encourage your neighbors to burn your house down, that would be inciting violence, and therefore not protected freedom of speech.  Likewise, if you told me repeatedly you were going to bash my head in with a baseball bat, that would be a threat, and therefore not freedom of speech.  However, freedom of speech does give you the right to announce to the world that you hate me; it even gives me the right to announce that I hate whatever ethnic group you belong to, or your gender, or your religion, or your sexual orientation.Who knows. It isn't right to be wrong no matter what you say protects that "right".Freedom comes with many responsibilities. . It is easy to mouth off. Babies do that. It is not so easy to be responsible about what you say if you are ignorant and lazy about your personal responsibility to keep freedom alive.Well, that's actually the meaning of freedom of speech! But there are also limits and violations are supposed to be sentenced!Because they are right and what you are alluding to is called censorship.What they forget is that although they may have the freedom to say almost anything, I have the freedom to NOT listen and/or ignore what they say.They forget that freedom of speech also comes with responsibility to speak right.  They only want to exercize the first part and dismiss the second.. . "The ability to speak does not make one intelligent.". Master Qui-Gon Jinn talking about Jar Jar Binks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_regions_in_the_human_brain. . Learn all about the brain. And find out your just an animal with higher brain function.------------------like thisCertain chemicals are realeased in the brain and cause different effects.  The imbalance of these chemicals is what is believed to be at least part of the cause of certain mood disorders such as depression and anxiety disorders
Find people who enjoy doing the same things you enjoy.. . If you don't enjoy anything, well, that's a problem.  Life is meant to be lived, and doing stuff you really love is key to that.Just because you are an introvert doesn't mean you are a loser!  You can find people like yourself at the library, at church, or while on a walk for outdoor exercise.  Look for someone who needs a friend, and make them your friend, and they will think you are wonderful.Don't work to hard at it .... Just be yourself.... Know that it's okay to be you what ever that is...Now if you believe you have emotional problems get help!!...If you find your just different and people have made you feel like that's a bad thing ...WRONG you are find being different is okay...Just live the way you want to live and be happy in it....Good Luck....AngelDear introvert fellow. . It seems to me that I had been into your situation, and I can tell you that you will have friends. Although there won't be a large group, but they will be your friends for life.. . In your words, I sense that you have sound judgement; you have great deal of knowledges and like to get lost in good books. All that you know seem unfamiliar to most people, yet they are precious knowledge once is understood.. . You are smart and intellange, what you lack of is just some soical or interpersonal skills. It seems that you would not just go up and initiate a small talk with anyone, and that is not the style that we introvert prefer. You found that your conversation runs dry easily, it may be you know something that is deep and difficult to put into words. Something that need a right time and a right place to bring it out.. . I guess you are drawn to the people who has similar personality. What are the reason behind I cannot tell, and only you can find that reason. My fellow introvert, to mingle with people can be either challenging or easy. To do that, we first need to understand ourselves, for that is the first step of understanding people around you.. . Once you have that understanding, you will slowly know those around you. And you will find that they becoming easy to get along with.. . I hope that my answer can be more helpful to you. If you want to talk, I would be happy to listen to you.. . Good Luckhey your not a loser..remember out of all those millions of sperm, you were the 1 that made it..better, stronger, faster.. now remember that when you take up a sport or hobby..others like you are out there and will be ore than pleased to participate in your life..dont try too hard, it will come to you in time :)introverts are not losers.friends are worthless anyway.find out what do you enjoy doing or what do you best. excell in this thing/s. people will notice you. . be ready to be a friend to have friends.. just bring out the best in you, and expect less from others.. be HappyI was the same way. I went to work with the public. I had to perk up and learn to communicate. It worked.
