Parkway doesn't refer to parking a car, it refers to the greenery or parkland landscape next to the road.. . The driveway isn't necessarily meant for parking a car, though many people do. It is the path you drive up to get to the house.Because we park in the driveway.
if u have young kids u want to take them to Knotts berry farm or disneyland.  If u have older kids take them to magic mountain during the spring time. go to san diego  for sea world san diego zoo and wild animal park.  it is real beautiful down n san diegoHonestly, being from California, I think kids enjoy playing on the beach more than going Disneyland, which is now so overpriced.  But going to the beach anytime of year except summer can be chilly.  Long Beach has an awesome aquarium. I, too, highly recommend San Diego.
cold, windy, and rainyI just got back from Cancun January 6, 2006.  The waether was sunny and about 85 every day.  It getrs dark at about 6:00.
Personally I prefer Royal Caribbean because they have more amenities. If you could care less about fancy food and more about the features than this is the answer. Royal Caribbean has a Rock climbing wall, ice skating ring and shows, scuba diving classes, as well as premier restauraunts (a sea view cafe, asian, steak house, italian, and a few other specialty restauraunts aside from the standard places to eat), etc. Carnival is too family oriented and has too many kids.Well that depends on your personal tastes and how much money you can afford to spend on a cruise. IMHO, as a cruiser and as a travel agent, I like Princess Cruises the best. Princess is a 5 star cruise line. They have beautiful ships, a wide mix of age levels, excellent white glove style service, amazing food...I can go on and on. . Princess is an excellent value for your money. We have some excellent promotions running with them, which can cost you LESS than sailing with..let's say Royal Caribbean or Celebrity who no longer allow promotional discounting of their ships. While they are a big cruise line, they're becoming more and more difficult to work with and unfortunately are not the best deal for your dollar!Arguably, Silversea.  Reasons?  Size of vessels is smallish=less people.  Level of service is exceptional.  Rooms almost always have verandas / balconies.  Itineraries can't be beat.. . Some might say Seabourn though.. . The above Cruise lines will cost you, but like an Amercrombie & Kent land tour, if you want the "Best", then it's gonna cost.
You can try towing it.  Just put it in neutral.The easiest way is to run a jumper wire from the positive battery terminal to the ignition side of the coil and then use a wrench or pliers to jumper the solenoid terminals.  If you also need to steer or shift gears, that a different problem.
There are actually 2 provinces that are Holland, North Holland and South Holland, but other than that, I think the answer is correct. Because most of the economic and political action happens in these 2 provinces, it might be the reason that The Netherlands is also called Holland.. . To make it more complex: the people (and the language) are called Dutch!Holland is actually only one of the provinces of the Netherlands.  It's the most important and populous so people used that name too. . . It's similar to people using England when they mean Great Britain.. . Update: . Well, the differences between the different provinces of the Netherlands are not as pronounced (after all the whole country is smaller than England alone!) but there is cultural differences. . . I also included a map showing all the different provinces of the Netherlands.The name Holland stems from holt land ("wooded land"). you can read more about the provinces also at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holland
There are many cheap airlines serving different cities in Irian Jaya. When you get to Jakarta or Bali, get information at the airport information counter. The online sites will have a very limited selection of the main national airlines, Merpati or Garuda -- there are others likely to be less expensive.Hmmmm......airplane or helicopter.
I think it is a marketing issue. Most indian restaurants in US are family owned independent businesses. In US, what works is chain a chain of restaurants which Americans can see all over and then only they notice it. A little bit of advertising in mainstream media will also help.The Indian restaurants in the bay area are very popular.  I think it depends on what people have been exposed to.   I didn't know what Indian food was until a few years ago, and found it to be very, very good.Thai food tastes better..no really it does..INDIAN RESTAURANTS IN THE USA ARE NOT AS MUCH AS POPULAR IN USA BECAUSE OF THE TASTE DIFFERANCE OF THE REGIONS, INDIAN FOODS AND IN EUROPE ONLY BECAUSE OF THE WATERS, WATER IN THE EUROPE AND IN INDIA ARE NOT MUCH DIFFERENT, (2) AMERICAN PEOPLES THEY DONT REALY EAT MUCH MORE SPICY FOODS LIKE THE EUROPEANS, IN THAI FOOD THEY ONLY USE CHILLIS SA SPICES BUT INDIANS THEY HAVE MANY SPICES TO MAKE THE FOOD HOT...LIKE GREEN AND RED CHILLIS, WHITE AND BLACK PAPERS ONE OF THE BIGGEST SUCCESS IN INDIAN FOOD IS ( GARAM MASALA ) WHICH IS NOT USED BY ANY OF THE REGIONS IN THE WORLD EXEPT INDIA.... SO BECAUSE OF THE GARAM MASALA OUR INDIAN FOOD IS NOT MUCH POPULAR IN THE USA..
Varies a lot!. The average is as explained above. But if you go to Copenhagen in the winter, you could experience  anything from lots of snow and -5 to -15 (celcius), to grey in grey and +5 to +10, (usually it is grey in grey). But then you should never visit Denmark for the weather ;)The average temperature range for Copenhagen, Denmark in January is 30-37 degrees F (-1.1 to 2.8 degrees C).
pack yourself up in someone else's luggage.  Free is very inexpensive.Eurostar and travel pass in paris and free visit areas and hare Krishna temple . best Deal All FREE except initial investment in travel . Bon Voyagewell it depends where you are in the world.  I went to paris for 4 days for under £150 that was my bus, hotel ferry and park tickets (to disney).  By flying low cost airlines such as ryanaire, and possible either staying in outside paris in disney or staying in euro hostels, also travel around by metro makes life a lot cheaper
Nestled between huge green mountains and 2 kms of white sand and clear blue water, Itamambuca (meaning Beautiful Stone) has few wonderful houses and some small, simple Inns.. . Itamambuca, around a 3hr drive away from Sao Paulo, is known for its excelent waves and it is THE places for many Brazilian and International surfing championships.Itamambuca is a beach on the north coast of Sao Paulo and also an eco resort by same name.
If you need a ticket to attend a funeral, the airlines will help you to a large degree.. . You can also have a friend transfer their frequent flier miles to you.If you are stuck in a country and need a ticket, you can make up a story.  Something like my parents were both killed and I have to attend the funeral so I need help.  That works.  . . Also try to ebay the ticket.  Make up a good story and someone will probably help out.  . . If you can travel by ground hitch hiking works sometimes but id carry a weapon its dangerous.  Also try stowing away on a rail car.
I think you might have to fly from NY in order to get the cheapest flight out.  And for the cheapest ticket, go to a chinatown travel agency, they always have great and cheap package dealsI only fly ANA to Bangkok, it's probably not the cheapest, but for the money, it's the best.  They have a daily flight out of DC to Narita then to Bangkok.  Cheers!
mgm studios is the disney version of universal. Universal is larger since it is actually made up of 2 parks and citywalk.About 2500 miles
use yahoo maps and map the route. There is a legend in the screen that displays the traffic.pretty good
Talk to a travel agent.  Lots of cruise ships from the east coast come to Honolulu harbor - you would probably have to leave from NY or FL, however you are looking at a price tag of a minimum of $8,000 per person, probably much more for around the world cruises.Maybe go to a boating website and rent a boat or consider taking a tour.Google Hawaii cruises and there will be many cruise line and discount website hits to choose from. All will leave from the West coast (cruising from the East coast would have to go through the Panama Canal and take MONTHS)or you will have to fly to the islands to do an inter-island cruise.
April / May is the hot season in Thailand (and "hot" means even hotter than the rest of the year), so pack very lightly. However, if the rainy season starts early, you may experience some rains in May.Pack very light, buy cheap cotton clothing on arrival, and pray for the occasional rain shower.. . The only cool areas you are likely to find will be high elevations such as Doi Intanon in Chiang Mai province.I agree with the other answers to pack lightly and expect hot humid weather (REALLY HOT), but if you plan on visiting temples or similar such places, bring along a pair of slacks as shorts are often not allowed.
Before the civil war, Beirut was a beautiful and cosmopolitan city, hence the name.  It was also under French control after WWII who expressed highly preferential treatment for the christians, straining muslim-christian relations.  It was the intellectual capital of the Arab world, and remained so until 1975 when the civil war essentially destroyed it.  Famously, the Beirut Hilton was completed right as the war started and was destroyed before any guests spent a single night in it.The name reflects the French colonial presence prior to World War II, and prior to the 1975 war, the thriving nightlife and broad range of international hotels.  In recent years, the city has made an effort to rebuild its tourist industry to some success.
to get more visitors and to be the best and of course get more moneyBasically to get as much people as possible, to fill the rooms at the highest rates and to get you to eat those cookies and drinks in the refridgerator in your room. (also to convince you that its better to order room service)
The best map I could find of is below (first link), hope it helps.  The second link is for the top page of the entire Ise Jingu site.I have no idea
Actually, the original meaning of "alien" is "strange," or "foreign" - both of which may be reasonable decriptions of a person from another country with different customs. It's from the latin root "alienus," meaning "of or belonging to another.". . The first use of "alien" to mean "from another planet" came in 1944, centuries after the word was in common use.The word alien was used to refer to people of another country long before it was used for science fiction purposes to refer to those from another planet.  It has its roots in the Latin word for "other" and means someone from another place or culture.  . . I agree that sometimes the word is used to create difference when emphasis of our common humanity would be preferable.  But not every usage is meant harshly; sometimes it is just meant as a description.
Wear lots and lots of layers. And be sure to wear hats, gloves, scarves and whatever else that could keep you warm.Gloves! Don't forget your gloves. I've had great luck with Thinsulate gloves, but even the cheap knit ones are better than nothing. . . And layers are definitely the way to go.. . If you're going to be in the area for a while, boots wouldn't hurt. Look for something warm and waterproof. . . Don't forget socks! You'd be suprised how much difference warm feet make. . . Have a lovely winter in the Northeast!Dress in layers and always wear a hat.I have lived in western mass all my life and i have to say... as everyone else has... layers, layers, layers. It is best to pile on the clothes, if you get warm you can peel them off until you reach the right temp. Buy some good chap stick too. The cold weather can do a number on lips, especially if you have never been exposed to such temperatures or plan on spending a large ammount of time outside. And remember if you start to get really cold listen to your body. It's a big shock to go from ca to new england if you feel like you need to warm up do it. You dont want to end up with frost bite. And just because it's winter dosnt mean you dont need sun glasses. Have a great time up here.Long underwear helps, especially the polyester type that wicks moisture away from your body.  100% cotton won't keep you as dry as 100% polyester.  You'll feel much warmer if your skin stays dry underneath your coat/jacket.Wool is the only fabric which you can retain body heat if it gets wet in cold weather.  Besides from that, go to a few bars, make a close friend with Jack Daniels, and bring a warm body back each night to the hotel.. -Artie LangeYour lucky your coming to Boston and New York. While we maybe cold for California blood, we are pretty toasty compared to Minneapolis or Montana.don't be afraid to look a little more casual for comfort.  my southern housemate took a while to give in, but finally put her tall, pointy boots away.  wear warm socks and make sure your shoes are waterproofed - lots of puddles around here.  i think the scarf is where you can add some flair and be warm.
It is 1 am in Russia.  The time difference is +8 hours with Florida and East coast.5:00pm in florida is 1:00am in moscow8 hours.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT IT WAS A FOOTBALL RIVALRY THING. CINCINNATI AND PITTSBURGH ALWAYS CALL US THAT WHEN WE WIN FOOTBALL GAMES OR WHEN WE PLAY AGAINST THEM, ESPECIALLY CINCINNATI. THEY SAY IT IN THE STANDS TO GET OUR GOATS.  THE OTHER REAL REASON IS WHEN THE CUYAHOGA RIVER CAUGHT ON FIRE BACK IN 68 OR 70 IT WAS BECAUSE IT WAS SO POLLUTED WITH OIL...ie--"THE MISTAKE ON THE LAKE."I'd like to know the exact answer for that as well. It is a great place, and has so many assets that make the place so unique and special among other cities; especially those of similar size. But I know what people mean when they call Cleveland this. You see, there are people who will answer your question by pointing out all the misfortunes in the city's history that goes back over a hundred years. The misfortunes they might include might be the decrepidation of Euclid Avenue, the departure of the Rockefellers and other industrialists from the area, urban sprawl, some terrible political corruption, pollution, racial issues, unsuccessful sport teams, the Cuyahoga river catching on fire, the loss of Fortune 500 companies BP America headquarters and TRW, the end of the Cleveland Ballet, brain drain, unemployment and poverty statistics.. . I don't know when this nickname originated, but it probably came about during the fire on the Cuyahoga in 1969 that made national headlines and was highly publicized. Though historians now look back on the incident as major media hype (who determined the fire was neither severe, ecologically damaging, nor unique to Cleveland), it was the source of great embarrassment and frustration for local Northeast Ohio residents who continue to believe Cleveland should be ashamed of itself. Since then, bad news and bad reputations always takes precedent over good news and good reputations in Cleveland. . . I think this title and more generally speaking the culture of negativity in Cleveland is based subconsciously on the fact that Cleveland was for a brief period of time the twenties the most  prosperous and prestigious city in perhaps the whole world and lost it practically over night. The "mistake on the lake" alludes to and replaced the former slogan of the city as "the best location in the nation". Cleveland's location as lying in the center of important crossroads as well as lying on Lake Erie and the terminus of the Ohio Erie Canal led to its prosperity. Look at a map and you will see Cleveland is the only big city between Cincinnati and Buffalo, Detroit and Pittsburg, and New York and Chicago. Before the Great Depression Cleveland was the sixth largest city in the country, claimed the most millionaires per capita in the world, was said to be the country's second most important international commercial center, had extremely exclusive stores and restaurants, and Euclid Avenue was considered the most beautiful street in the world.   . . Cleveland lost so much of its status when the Great Depression hit, and since then it has tried to reclaim its glory and rebuild itself but terrible things always kept happening. People have the feeling that the city's glory days were a fluke, and the city should have never been founded at all based on all kinds of bad news. The weather doesn't help either. There are so many reasons to be proud of the city, but most people aren’t aware of any. I could go on and on and count these numerous reasons that give testament to the reality of Cleveland's first class status, but that isn't necessarily relative to your question. If you want more information about why Cleveland is undeserving of that title today, just let me know.EAT A FISH FROM IT........AND YOU WILL HAVE YOUR ANSWER
Lean to use proper grammer. It is a U.S. green card. and by the way a mouse is not computer hardware, it is a peripheral, and until you can answer my question: What is the difference between a rat and mouse, you can't get a green card.Good Luck !! Big Daddy...it took 26yrs to straighten out my daughters greencard nightmare....
You can't take the E train from Central Park West.  Your best bet is to take an A (express) or C (local) down to Broadway-Nassau.  From there, walk two blocks west to Ground Zero.Take the Blue line (A or C), and THEN take the E train will get you there to WTC site.-Start out going South on Central Park West towards West 79st Transverse Rd. -Entrance near intersection of Central Park West and West 79st Transverse Rd. -Take the C train from 81 Street - Museum of Natural History station heading Downtown. >>Pass 72 Street. -Get off at 59 Street - Columbus Circle. -Transfer  . -Take the A train from 59 Street - Columbus Circle station heading Downtown/Far Rockaway. >>Pass 42 Street. >>Pass 34 Street - Penn Station. >>Pass 14 Street. >>Pass W 4 Street - Washington Sq. >>Pass Canal Street. -Get off at Chambers Street. -Exit near intersection of Vesey St and Washington St. -Start out going West on Vesey St.  . Total travel5.24 miles. 35 mins
The copa cabana bar is my favorite. The reason is that you always find beautiful women there.I have several Favorites. I love Mc Sorley's ( E 7th  between 2nd & Cooper) it is the oldest bar in North America. I love the White horse on Hudson St. I like the blind Tiger in the same area.. There are alot of great spots on Amsterdam in the 80's.
I guess depends on what you're after. Adelaide is quieter than Melbourne, so if you are working or running your own business, maybe Melbourne would be a better bet. If you want to retire, or after a quieter life, I guess go for Adelaide.Melbourne.
About makin friends around the world, you could try ICQ or Skype and search users by countries. Or you could ask here who would like to have international friends. I, myself, would like it, since im from Per?.be yourself . talk . listen (not hear)Hello, I have start 5 years ago to chat on MIRC , you know that? and just to let you know, I am Canadian and I am in Netherlands since 1 year and few months with my dutch boyfriend! And I have friend from around the world!
A Ink (bindhi) on the forehead is put by most hindu woman signifiging womanhood and celebration of life. and by men on holy occations / in temples.. Hindu Woman wear sindoor (bindhi) on thier forehead to signify that they are married. at the same time widows do not wear any kind of sindoor.that means that the woman r married.
What are you talking about? This does definitly not belong in Washington, DC.Yes.
An easy to read (and superficial, but good) guide to Germany is The German Way : Aspects of Behavior, Attitudes, and Customs in the German-Speaking World (Paperback). by Hyde Flippo. You can buy it used for about $4.. You could read the entire book on the plane it is that easy to read.people in germany learn english in school and the family you stay will help you with german.so just take sam warm cloths and hav funI was an exchange student last year in america and as simple as it sound my advice you can buy anything in Germany too ao don't bring too much luggage ;) I did the same thing. . . As far as preparing in like language goes watch movies and try to read like news in German on websites and stuff or try to speak to some German people over the Internet. Also try to prepare the language that is used in Treier (Tier?). We Germans like to speak in our MANY dialects that can be hard to understand most of the time! ;) Even for Germans.... . Culture... is quite different than the American one, I guess you're from America? We're not as friendly, we don't tell evcerybody on the street hi and stuff. This could seem really unfriendly but we just greet like the people we're close to ad you can be sure that this friendlieness is real! There is more drinking and partying going on and all in all people are more liberal. . . I don't know you'Re exact situation otherwise I could answer more questiones or more detailed ;). . Have fun over here!
http://www.tripadvisor.com/Tourism-g293953-Maldives-Vacations.htmlHeaven on the earth. What a lovely place it is... I have gone back to past (2 years) and recalled all the good and cozy time I had for 1 month.The best place to visit for few days.
Click on the link below for directions. Where the URL has Princeton, type a different city if you want a different starting point.From wherever you are in NJ, you want to get onto Interstate 95.  It goes all the way to Baltimore.
Try calling 800-334-6787, or try their website.202 748 86 30. 202 728 91 22. 202 577 24 10. or check their web
Not sure where in Jersey you are, but you'll want to take NJ Transit to Penn Station.  From Penn Station, take an A or C train uptown to 59th Street/Columbus Circle.  When you come up to the surface, you'll be at the southwest corner of Central Park.I agree with the above answer.
this is purely european, cose asia is in the east of europe. on one hand, middle east ("moyen orient" in french) is the closest part of asia to europe, that's y they call it middle;on the other hand , other countries like indi, for instance, are in the extreme east("extreme orient" in french).HEY Sport Man, you know why people all over the world don't like arabs much, BECAUSE THEY JUST CAN'T ACCEPT THAT IT IS PERSIAN GULF it has been persian gulf for 3000 years.You see, everything east of America is known as the east. We call the Near East Europe, because its closer to us than the Far East, or China. What's in-between is in the middle, therefore is known as the Middle East.NOT ALL ARABS COUNTRIES.. ANY WAY ITS A STRANGER NAME FOR THAT ARAB COUNTRIES I DONT LIKE TO USE IT.. IT CALLED ARAB WORLD FROM THE ATLANTIC TO ARAB GULF.
If you are a Japanese citizen with a Japanese passport, you don't need a visa. You are automatically granted a 3 month visitor visa to the USA. You can stay for 90 days without need for a visa.Great answer there
Buy an airplane ticket.  Get on the plane.  You're there !!In your case, being in holland, drive or hitch a lift through denmark. cross the sea to sweden, then walk for 3 and a half weeks. wait till the spring though, it is a little chilli right now.
i never got one.. its like a big bus :)There are wristbands you can buy for under $10 that end motion sickness. They apply pressure to a certain point that helps your equalibrium. Trust me.Some people get motion sickness while trveling in car especially in the back seats,  And some when the plane is taking off or while landing.  This is due to the internal ear problem which is  being affected by the atmospheric  pressure or problem itself in the internal ear.
The best and safest way to book a taxi is through your hotel. Just ask the front desk or concierge to arrange a taxi for you. Taxis in Russia are often independent drivers and you will get a better price if a native speaker arranges it for you.The "taxi" system in Russia is pretty interesting. A lot of it is composed of drivers that just have extra room and are going in the same direction and want some extra money for gas. Sticking your arm out won't guarantee you an actual taxi service--but it is no worry, most people travel like that. Just discuss price before you get in and make sure it is reasonable. . . As the previous post mentioned--if you don't know the language, it might be easier for you to arrange for a taxi through your hotel. . . But also keep in mind that Russia has some of the most thorough public transportation in the world. Moscow's metro system is great and services the majority of the city. It is also often times much faster than traveling on the road. If you aren't close to a metro station, it is very likely that you are close to a bus stop that can take you to the metro station. . . Good luck!metro is good, but has been bombed several times,taxi's services are around there is an english speaking taxi service in moscow and they aree xpensive, for the otrher way if you know alittle russian stick you hand out pointing towards the ground, some one will pick you up shortly, just dont get in when anyone else in in the care.
to see all the lights, sounds, and people.  it is definately an experience everyone should have sometime in their lives, without children.  it is a total adult playground with something to always do, see, be a part of, buy, or eat.  there are so many awesome hotels, shows, and sites, it is hard to not want to go at least once.The biggest reason to go to Vegas is to get away.  It is something to see.  I like going to Vegas during the winter to get away from the cold and snow where I live.  The lights at night are worth the trip.  Entertainment is pleantiful and well done.
be a tour guide or a travel agent. Or a traveling salesman...Train DriverBe a flight attendant.how far do you live?
go to miami or venezuela for a start. there u should be able to get a nonstop flight.Take a plane
Srisailam is one of the twelve Jyothirlingams. The shrine is located in Kurnool district, and is about 232 km from Hyderabad, and 132 km from Nandyal.. . Srisailam finds reference in ancient Hindu Puranas, and the epic Mahabharata.There are lots of temples,tigers white and orange,spotted deer,hyena,monkeys,big real big squarls and lots of lizareds from small to big.Also lots of legands.picnic spot?
Also, when you are making a request you can say O-mizu kudasai.  And if you want cold water in a restaurant you have the option of saying o-hiya kudasai.  Hot water is o-yu.  Your safe bet is o-mizu.Mizu or O-mizu depending on the situationThere are several types of water. Mizu (me-zoo) is the most common way to say water.
Eurorail?  You can backpack and hike around - check out Rick Steve's Europe Through the Back Door if cheap European travel.. . He has great "Do it yourself" guides for European travel.Try TarvelocityHostelling International,  I Go to this association hostels when i went to Japan, really cheap, clean and perfect if u only want to have a bed where to sleep at nigths.euroRail pass is the cheapest way to travel once you are there.. The cheapest way is to go directly to an airline's website and search the sight for lowest fares and dates.. . None of the travel sights sell tickets for all of the airlines...missing, most notably, are the low-fare carriers e.g. Southwest, airTran, Jet Blue, etc.. . Very often I've looked up fares on the travel sights and found what I thought to be a good deal. But then I'd go to a low-fare carrier's website and find a walk-up fare that is much lower than a so-called legacy carrier airline's discount fare that is offered by a travel sight.. . For ease though, any of the travel sights works fine. You'll pay more for the ticket, but won't have to spend a lot of time over several days checking each airline's websites.. . A list of all airlines websites and a eurorail link can be found at airlineflightinformation.com
There are a lot of cruise discounts available, both from the lines as well as discount services and travel consolidators.  Do a search on it and you will find literally thousands of sites.  Or check out Hotwire, one of the Web's best sources of low-cost travel.If you have the ability to make the time on very short notice, some cruise lines will take a discount just to keep from having empty cabins.. . They know they'll make up most of the difference in what you spend in drinks and things.Buy your tickets extremely late (within a week or so of the cruise).  That is assuming there are openings.  Cruise ships want to sell, and they are willing to sell cheap last minute.. . If you are really adventurous, show up at port.  Many times people don't show up to board the ship.  Cruise lines are willing to sell you their spot pretty cheap when they have the openings.
Just heat one room up with a small heater rather than the whole house  to save money.high in latitudeHere in the Northeast USA its pretty cold too. We all have high heating bills to pay this year..  Maybe there are local agencies that help with fuel bills, call around and see.. Do like I do and put on a extra sweater.Get a fire place and use wood. Wood is somthing that can easily be found in your back yard.The further up north ya get, the colder it is. . I suggest turning off the heat and investing in an electric blanket and an extension cord.i dont know
The Highly Skilled Migrant Programme (HSMP) is designed to allow highly skilled people to migrate to the United Kingdom to look for work or self-employment opportunities. The scheme now has a new assessment for applicants aged under 28 as well as an assessment for those 28 and over.. . The Highly Skilled Migrant Programme differs from the general work permit arrangement whereas the applicant does not need a specific job offer within the UK in order to apply.. . Our team of experienced immigration consultants here has helped thousands of people from around the globe to immigrate to countries of their choices, helping them with all the required documents needed to make their move more efficient and successful.vote for answer #1
Coimbatore. Also known as Kovai, Coimbatore is the second largest city of TamilNadu and one of the fastest growing cities in India. Situated at the foot hills of Nilgiris, it is known for its pleasant climate, peaceful atmosphere, cosmopolitan outlook and private enterprise. Cotton textiles, electric motors, pumps, automobile spares, iron steel and aluminium castings form major exports from Coimbatore.Welcome to Coimbatore. Also known as Kovai, Coimbatore is the second largest city of TamilNadu and one of the fastest growing cities in India. Situated at the foot hills of Nilgiris, it is known for its pleasant climate, peaceful atmosphere, cosmopolitan outlook and private enterprise. Cotton textiles, electric motors, pumps, automobile spares, iron steel and aluminium castings form major exports from Coimbatore.It is a lovely city in Tamilnadu, India
Get a players card and spend LOTS of money. There more you play the more you'll get.Get the "frequent gambler" card for the hotel where you gamble.  When you gamble at a table game for a while, ask for the pit boss and ask for a comped meal.  Most times, if you have gambled at the table for a while, they will give it to you, or at least something.  But if you don't ask, you usually don't get it.  And the worst they can say is no.
From Raleigh, Australia it is NorthNorthwest straight over alaska... Remember we are on a big ball... think about it.Well it all depends on which way you want to go. If you go over the U.S. and past Hawaii it is West. If you go over Europe it is East. If you are in Australia or New Zealand it is North.far east,man...far east!
This special reserved spots are because these models have had the highest incidence of theft, so they keep them aisled and with closer surveillance in order to protect these vehicles and owner's.  Well now i question, if they impart same responsability for the rest vehicles there, they should, well i guess they do.   But yes i agree with the previous postee gentleman, that is the reason, vulnerability of theft.Because some people believe that if they take the computer from the Montero (which is very easy to get to), and put it in a regular Mistubishi, the car will go faster. This has created a grey market on these parts, and break-ins to steal the computers are common. The special spots are watched more closely.I have been told that these parkings has more room for them, if you could see it, the parking area for Monteros is a bit wider than the rest....and I myself noticed that detail...This is common in many parking lots. From what I've been told by employees, its for security. The computers of the Monteros are a great favorite among thieves.
GOA...a dream destination. Be there, experience it..share it.French Riviera. Lots of towns to visit, great scenery, mountains if you want to hike, the Mediterrean, the food is great, the beach, shopping is great, art museums.A town called Nature's Valley on the coast of South Africa. It's located in this lush lovely valley with a long white beach and incredible ocean life, hiking trails, and so many activities to do in the area that you will never be bored! :) Absolutely love it!HEDO II
Google Language Tools says boot in Italian is caricamento del sistema, but that is the computer meaning of the word boot.  Shoe is pattino.Ahhh! I knew boot! But, of course I can not remember it! :) Scarpa if shoe, maybe pattino is a dressier shoe? I know that scarpe is shoe though. I lived there for a year though and there was a show store called Scarpe & Scarpe. :) Go firgure! Anyways, sorry I can't help on the boot thing! Maybe for like work boot you could say scarpa del lavoro. (Show of work?)
I've never been there, but I'd like to visit Alstrailia.  Thier accents, HOTT!Philippines.  That's where my husband lives.  I spend my summer and christmas vacation there each year.
umm.. not too high!. cant c them from the top of my building!!the highest one is 8848m Mount EverestThere are three zones of the Himalayas.. . The outer mountains are around 2,000 to 5,000 feet.. . The Lesser Himalayas range from about 7,000 to 15,000 feet.. . The Greater Himalayas include 9 of the world's 10 highest mountains.. . There are over 30 peaks in the Himalayas that are more than 24,000 feet, the highest of which is Everest at 29,035 feet.
Do you know the name of the owner of the house?  If you do, you should be able to look them up in the white pages.. . And do they not have a house number on their house somewhere?Easy, call and ask and problem solve.If you know anything around it like a land mark. Then you can call that place and ask them there address. Or if you know any neighbors in that area you could ask them to look for you. You call a real esate agent that might work in that area or that city and ask them. They always know houses.
Wander around Boulder looking at things and shout GO BUFF's once in a while.. . Bad time of year to visit, though.. . Much better in Spring and Summer.. . It's a nice place to wander about in then.nothin much.  watch kids from the biggest party school in america get drunk.
Join the military!  You get paid, you get insurance, you have a place to sleep and food to eat, and you can get an education at the same time!if u don't have money, don't go anywhere. save your money, once u have enough, then go at that time.The least expensive place and it is truly beautiful and you have lots of fun has to be Puerto Rico.through books ,. you can go everywhere in booksgo to gapyear.com
You have not mentioned where you are, or where do you want the distance from. however taking chicago as a reference point the distance betweeen chicago and frankfurt is 4342 miles (6988 km) (3773 nautical miles). Time required to travel this distance would be appx 10 hrsSan Francisco - Frankfurt is 11h if you got a non-stop flight. I did the trip this weekend.it depends on where u at..but u fly between 8 and 12 hours maybe..Depends on where you live. From San Francisco to Frankfurt, a non-stop flight with Lufthansa takes 11 hours, 35 minutes. I Think it is about 6000 miles (I'm not sure about the distance).
you can work as a stewerd/ stewardess for an international airline/ cruise liner. you get paid for it, as well.get the travel channel...LOL!Watch TV !! LOLget a "world" ticket - which allows you to fly as much as you can within a certain time frame
Buy a plane ticket with lots of lay overs, lots of over night flights, and no weekend flights.  That's basically all you can do unless you want to take a couple weeks to boat your way there.Swim.
carnival is a public celebration or parade combining some elements of a circus and public street party, generally during the Carnival Season. Carnival is traditionally a Roman Catholic and, to a lesser extent, Christian Orthodox celebration. Most Protestant and non-Christian areas do not celebrate it, with some Fundamentalist Protestant groups condemning the celebration, although the word carnival has passed into the vernacular and taken on secular meanings in most areas of the Western world.in Germany the carnival season, or Fasching, begins on the Epiphany (Jan. 6) in Bavaria and on Nov. 11 in the Rhineland. In recent times, the term carnival has also been loosely applied to include local festivals, traveling circuses, bazaars, and other celebrations of a joyous nature, regardless of their purpose or their season.. . !
If you understand at least some, chances are you'll know enough to get by for a while and you'll learn as you go along. A good friend of mine is in the Army and is stationed in Korea. When he first got there, he knew nothing of the language; less than a year and a half later, he's fluent. Don't worry--it'll come naturally.Get a book that will help you to visually identify the writing/pictures especially for the Basics of the words, places, things, & directions you most need to know & use i.e. the How, When & Where of eating, sleeping, travel or getting around town.... . . Also, get a tape so that you can listen to & get familiar with the vocal sounds & dialect of the spoken words. This may be classic Japanese not specific to the dialect of where you're going incase you'll be in neighboring town or village that has a dialect different than classic Japanese. Listening to tapes in a Library may be better than purchasing.. . Depending on where you are staying you may not have too much trouble when you first arrive & may even find a number of places where some English is spoken.. . I had a girlfriend who went to Japan as an ESL (English as a Second Language) Teacher who knew no Japanese, but yet she had to teach certain classes  English. Amaerican & British English & photos in music, art, & some sports is familiar just about everywhere and creates a good median for learning to start. It is and will be a two way street of give and take. You learn from others and they will learn from you. Be mindful of peoples body language too..  . Most of all Keep an open mind, laughter in you heart & enjoy!before leaving, by a book that teaches you Japanesse  so you get a basic hang of it. Then once you get there, you look, ask for definitions, and remember it. gradually you will understand itI know this is off the subject but I am curious.  Being a traveler myself, I wonder what business your going to Japan for?
ask someone who knowsI believe there is no general answer. You may not rent a flat for this short time lake a regular home. As long as you are like a visitor or tourist you may choose to stay at a "Pension" which is something like a small hotel with limited service. You should contact a tourist information of your prefered area.
Egypt is a so safe country don't worry . go there and enjoy your timeEgypt is more safe than many other places around the world. Since the terrorist act few years ago the police and the minestry of tourism changed and improved the security in all the touristic places and in general egyption People are friendly and welcoming.. . Have funid like to know the same thing
I Would Have to Say St. Barts Becuase It Is A Nice Little Island Where You Can Get Away From it All!!going to europe for the holidays
Follw the coast road NW toPisa ,then east thru Lucca, Prato then NE to Balogna. I'm exNavy; I can find every bar in europe!!with car from civitavecchia go to viterbo, after orte. and there take the highstreet. . you take circa 4 hour. . with train you must go in rome and after bologna
There is no such thing.. . You do not need a license or training to serve behind a bar in the UK, just to be over 18.vote for answer #1
yes Panama will be warm in march.... enjoy visitIt's summer now and always warm in the most beautiful paradise in the world. Too bad your taking a criuse, you will miss the true beauty of Panama.The hottest months were February and March (90°F, 32°C), and the coolest month was October (85°F, 29°C).. . The average high temperature in Panama City (most of which is near sea level) has been 87°F (30°C) over the past 13 years.. . Average nighttime temperatures vary only slightly throughout the year, between 76°F (24°C) and 78°F (25°C). The highest and lowest temperatures recorded in that period were 102°F (38°C) and 68°F (20°C).temperatures are correct, keep in mind it is humid and bring with you sun protection.
Dubai.you can go swimming too.if you want i can accompany you or introduce a guide to show you all disco'sand nice place with car.A bit further from what you expected, but Thailand is a great place with sun and nice beaches and islands.Southern Utah has the best year round hiking in the world.  Stays warm, but not hot.  Beautiful scenery and awesome Indian culture history.  Might be too far for you though.  But it's VERY cheap.definitely not michigan! ^_^Vegas is always inexpensive. It is average of 60 in January. Phoenix, AZ is warmer. California tends to be more expensive.
Your e-mail address is your entrance into our drawing for a FREE ESCORTED TOUR OF ITALY INCLUDING AIRFARE for 2.. . By entering the drawing, you will receive our bi-monthly Top 10 list of the best international travel specials. and be entered to win a free trip to Europe for 2.Join the Army medical corp.
The altitude of flight depends on the type of aircraft and the weather. Some run at 33,000 ft and some run higher. Most commercial jets fly between 30-50 thousand feet.25,000usually between 30,000-35,000 feet.  but it also depends on the flight.  shorter flights do not always get that high
I've been to many areas throughout the Caribbean: Bahamas, Aruba, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Coat Rica, Peru, Ecuador, Guadalupe, Caymans, Turks Caicos, Panama, Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Virgin Islands and others-I had some great experiences! Did you need something more specific!Havent been there. but heard is a great destination.
squeeze fresh lemon or lime juice and let the garment sit in the sun all day. It works in Mexico. How strong the sun is where you live makes a difference. If the clothes are white the yellow comes from too much bleach used when washingI'm unsure if this is in the right category: Cabo San Lucas but if you let us know what the stains are from and the type of fabric they are on we can help you better.. . Many times if stains are on white fabric I take a Q-tip in diluted Clorox (no other bleach will do) and tap it on the stain.. . If the stain is from ink try aresol air spray.. . If it is from mustard - good luck.. . What helped me years ago with stains was a book: Heloise's Housekeeping Hints. Saved my life...except with mustard. Mustard is forever.
join the Red Cross, Merchant Marine, or some similar organization. If you're not into those sort of things I understand that you can get passage on freight ships for super cheap.Travel, joing the peace corps, the Army etc..welcome to earth foolAre you green enough?
Your best bet is with American Airlines. They have a hub in Miami and practically own the Caribbean islands with American Eagle.Swimfiyyou just have to search around try any of the travel websites like travelocity, orbitz or expedia. you can also try the airlines and of course a travel agent or walmarttravel or dillards travelCheck out www.bookingbuddy.com
It depends, how old are you? Any degrees? The best way is to get a sponsor from there, someone to offer you a job and they will arrange the paperwork, but you can't actually go there and expect to stay there for good, you will have to renew your visa every few years for as long as you are there, it's not like let's say the USA where you can get a green card and settle here.Where the heck is Dubai?
90's in the summer. Tornados occured sometimes. Mild winter. About 30-40 degrees average in January.I would say it is hot in the summer and cold in the winter with an occassional blizzard in the winter. Definitely need aC in the summer.
Expenses are cheap if you stay away from tourist areas.  My gauge for that is the price of beer..most non-tourist areas will sell beer for 1.50 US or less...a lot of times under a 1.00.  If you pay much more than that then you are in a tourist trap.Hi there, could you be more specific as to where exactly you are planning on going? Thank you.
December to February are the coldest months in the Philippines. If you're in Manila around that time in the year it might get to as low as in the upper 60's (Fahrenheit scale).  I think in the Tagaytay area it gets to the lower 60's.  I'm not so sure in Baguio, but I assume it's much cooler due to its altitude.That all depends on where you are.  Some parts up north are of high elevations and it can get quite frigid.. . I was in metro-Manila for a couple weeks in December.  I wore shorts and flip flops most of the time.  It's cooler than in in April - August.  Of course my filipino husband thinks anything below 80 degrees is cold.. . I've been in the metro-Manila area through June and July... not the hottest time of year, but for me, a southerner from Georgia (USA), it was quite hot (actually I like it that way) most of the time.  However the rain, which came quite often cooled it down a bit.. . Don't know what to tell you about anything below Luzon, but reason would suggest it's much warmer.I agree with my big Bear Ron. In southern region, it's hotter because its nearer the equator. Baguio is the coolest place in the philippines since its in a higher elevation and belongs to the mountain province in the northern part. December, January and February are the coolest months for us Filipinos but the foreigners may still feel hot for they are not used to our climate and weather.Cold?  It's never ever cold down there.  You mean less hot, right?  LOL.  December and January.  74F-88F.
Yes, any time you ask for credit they will check your background. Especially when you are a new comer to the country. They will want to make sure you didn't leave America to get away from creditors chasing you.My personal experience was the opposite. I had a very good credit in the US, but I had a hell of a time trying to get credit in Canada. In general credit is harder to get in Canada, thanks to the near oligopoli of the big banks.
Best way to do is to go to expedia, travelocity, or you favorite travel website.  Enter your source and destination.  The site should give an assortment of fligths meeting your price range, time constraints, and other criteria.without stops, its about 5 hours.Try putting your departure place into some airline ticket thingy website...like www.expedia.com or www.aa.com or something. It should tell you. And if its to DC, I'll save you the time and tell you its 4hrs... state, more than 30 min I know...might be about 45 min...Do you want to go the short way or long way?  4:45 if you fly East, 37 hours, if you fly West.try using yahoo directions thingamabob
e-bay is probably your best bet.  I do a lot of business there myself.  I have bought everything from baby formula to full vacations on there and sold a lot of stuff too.I Think you Should Set Up a ebay Account and Sell It On There!!You can contact to some Travel Agent in your area, they regularly get these kind of costomers.
roundtrip is a ticket to a place and back. oneway doesn't come back.one one-way tripIf you're asking about travel arrangements - a one-way trip gets you from location A to location B. A roundtrip gets you from locationn A to location B and back again. If you are taking a trip from location A to B to C and back again to location A that is refered to by travel agents as an "open jaw" trip or travel. I have no idea where the expression came from.If you're serious, a one-way trip is just that.  It goes from one place to another, end of story.  A roundtrip goes from one place to another and back to the original departure place.
take the 401 to hwy 8 and that will bring you right into waterloo. . oops do the opposite, take hwy 8(or 7) to the 401greyhound
First of all you need to contact BCIS (USA immigration) and ask what the requirements for an Iran student to transfer to the U.S. are. Once you find those out, fulfill them and it will be easier to remain in the United States without a problem. So after you get your permit to come to the U.S. either take a plane, or a boat and get here, then get your life started ;o)Its sad on how some of my fellow citizens have reacted to your question and I beleive the internet and Yahoo questions is based on questions and answers.. . Your question seems reasonable and perhaps you could recieve assistance from the local university and apply for a student visa to study abroad in your field of study.. . Best to you.Take a boat. Apply for a job at McDonalds. Apply for StudentAID. Register at a college
New York begins with an "N" while Los Angeles starts with an "L".. . Captilization. It is your friend.The weather because people are the same where ever you go.what a stupid ??One sits on the east side the other sits on the west.About 3 hours
If it is commericial it is simple you can use any travel website. If it is nostalgic or antique then it is different.search in the airline history......
A little over priced but the rooms are great and the remodeled rooms are really great!. It's a fun casino to go to plus you can cross the street and go to the MGM and its also in a good location to catch the trams to Mandalay Bay or Bellagio.. . If you stay there try the Pub it's great, it overlooks the strip.I agree with Billy. The casino is very nice, and the restaurants and shops are great, too.
You can't take Concorde anywhere now. They stopped flying a coupel of years ago due to the increasing age of the aircraft, the Paris aircrash, and the cost of fueling a gas-guzzling supersonic jet plane!. . http://www.britishairways.com/concorde/index.html. . Looks like you are stuck going the slow way!You can't take the concord any longer. British Airways and Air France stoped all Concord flights. Gaz is too expensive.going on the most recent estimate? about 250 million to get one back in the air :-)
Check out Yahoo! Fare Chase.  It searches other travel sites, my experience with it has been great, I'm on a Fare Chase scheduled trip right now.http://www.kayak.com/ If you know your dates already.
$558 right now at 9:45pm mst  check site prices go up this close to fly! Many Airlines too!Bid on one of the bidding sites
Go to your local post office and fill out the application.  Then ask for expediate service; should receive within a couple of weeks versus 6-8 weeks.  New law requires that you have a passport for any travel even to the Caribbean or Mexico.Go to your local INS and get an exit visa.
gwan-a-cas-tay. Spanish is phonetic and pronounces all the letters, so you just spell it out."wanna-caste" is a better way to pronounce it instead of gwan-a-cas-tay,which will sound like "Guaneycastey".. . Regards
Flying by plane is safer the going in a car.  You are more likely to die of a car accident then dieing of a plane accident.  Also air port security is really good compared to how it used to be.As safe as it has ever been.MMMMMMMMMM
Credit reports will follow you. They use the same companies in Canada as in the U.S.I'm not entirely sure that is does, but it may be circumstancial.  I am Canadian, I lived in the U.S. for a while and screwed up on some credit card stuff.  When I moved back here I was worried about it, but as far as I can tell, none of it is in my credit report.  Good luck!
The thematic center of the SINULOG project of the Cebu City government (which started on Jan. 1980) is the figure of a native warrior's shield on whose face is imprinted the coat of arms of the Santo Ni?o.. The native shield figure symbolizes the country's "continued resistance to colonization". It speaks of the Filipino's patriotic readiness to defend the country from all forms of foreign in cursion.The Cebu Sinulog is a festival where the Cebuanos (what they call the people from Cebu) celebrate the fiest of the Sto. Nino (child Jesus) every January.  . . You can read more about it here: http://www.sinulog.ph/. . Hope this helps!
Providing the international traveler with expedited visa processing and 24 hour turnaround on passports. Specializing in travel to China, Russia, and Vietnam. Document authentication services available.Depending how quick u want it . 1. ASAP First off call to 1-800-841-6778 thats the passport thing let them know you wanna schedual a pick up for your passport depending on where chicago or the nearest city that process the passports im from texas so it was HOUSTON TEXAS i had to go to wich is about 4 hour drive i went there and had my Travel agency print out a fake Attinary wich said i was going to japan within the next 3 days so it made my application go to the front and i had my passport within 3 hours.. 2 Within 4-5 weeks Call around to you local post office and ask for a post office that does passports and go there and fill application and once approved they send it back to u. 3 u can fallow the step #2 but use the expedited service wich will cost a lil bit more but should do the trick as getting it back sooner. . Make sure u bring your Original birth certificate. Your ID. Get the Local photo shop processing like walgreens to do you Passport Photo its so much cheaper. if u use option 2 or 3 they will take ure original birth certificate and mail it off and u will get it back in the mail with ure passport
google exactly what you have asked or craigs list.Check the newspaper for charter flights that have extra seats (that is, you don't have to book the hotel room too).. . I've listed some of my favorites.  There may be different travel charters in your area depending on where you live.
The beaches are nice but not real wide like Miami Beach. The water can be a little rough at places so be carefull. Some girls do go topless with no problem.the beaches are beautiful. the water is warm and clear and the sand is white.
First of all, try a hanging bag (that's the thing that you put over things that are on hangers). If you don't have one and don't have time to buy one, Take some sweat socks or tee shirts and roll them up. Fold your suit, and in every crease, put the tee shirt or socks in the fold. This way, you don't have really tight creases.have it cleaned and pressed before packing it. Then pack it in the plastic. The best way is to have a garment bag/val pack. That is a suitcase that  is specificly designed to hang things in it. It then folds ( generally in half)
I would love to visit Japan.  I want to see Tokyo and listen to music and see the fashions and art and eat lots of food!To see new things, to visit people, or for business reasons.Japan is number two on my list of places to go.... . I think Japan just has such a strong culture. They are continually making the world a easier place. One toilet at a time lol. . . And plus....who doesn't like dating a small asian girl??The only way to aswer that is to go there yourself!
Apply to companies' websites, classified ads, online job boards.. . In particular, apply to cnadian companies that have Brazilian presence/connection, which you can help them with.. . Good luck!Yes pray to God and contact someone personally not only reply to NEWSPAPER ADS.there are some job search classes they might help and library is another place that you can find infosThere are also many agencies that can assist you in finding employment. do some local researchbefore u start looking for a job out there u should have a good read of site. http://www.immigrationinfocanada.com/?fid=100044&q=Canada
ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!!!  Bluer than blue skies ... redder than red rocks ... Friendly people ... decent restaurants ... Very Spiritual ...Don't think you have to worry abour a "forest" fire in Sedona as there is no forest; it is a scrub vegetation. But the countryside is indeed pretty. It is an upscale resort community and if you have money to spend, there are things to spend it on. But the best thing there is the scenery.Sedona is a very nice city, probably one of the best places to live in Arizona. Nice cool weather, nice scenery. nice town.  Only downside is that it is at risk for forest fires and if I recall maybe around 4 or 5 years ago fire did get very near the city limits.i dont no but im geussing its hot and dry like the rest of the statemy assits very pretty, the mountains are beautiful.
I do not know your age but some European car rental companies refuse persons over 65.I would suggest using the net. I am planning a trip to Munich shortly and have seen car rentals as low as apporoximately $225 / wk.
It is an island and part of Nova Scotia.. It's joined to the mainland by the Canso causeway. It's really beautifull,you should visit.Cape Breton is an island which forms the northern end of Nova Scotia.  It is joined to the mainland by a causeway.
Los Angeles International Airport. Its ICAO airport code is KLAX and it is generally just known as LAX.. . It is the third busiest airport in the US and the fifth businest in the world. It handles more origin and destination passengers than any other airport in the world.It's an IATA airport code for L.A. international airport.LAX is the standard abbreviation for Los Angeles International Airport.Los Angeles International Airport.  It is the airport code.  Very big and very busy.it is a airport in los angles i wouldnt ask a question like that get a mapLos Angeles International.. The X stands for crossing like a raillroad crossingITS THE LOS ANGELES AIRPORT!! THIS IS JUST A STRAIGHT OUT DUMB QUEATION!! PLEASE TELL ME THAT U WERE JOKING WITH THIS QUESTION!!LA's Airport. . Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is the #1 international gateway to Asia/Pacific. LAX is served by nearly 90 passenger and cargo airlines, and contributes more than $60 billion annually to the Southern California economy.
hmmm. get it from the airport authority but i think u wont b able to get it anyways y do u want itThere is no airport yet, but you here is a link to the proposed developments around the airport:. http://www.lsrealestates.com/locmap_vvc.htm. . And the map of Hyderabad is at:. http://www.mapsofindia.com/maps/andhrapradesh/hyderabad-map.htm
Unlike those on the black market, grey market goods are not illegal. Instead, they are being sold outside of normal distribution channels by companies which may have no relationship with the producer of the goods. Frequently this occurs when the price of an item is significantly higher in one country than another; this situation commonly occurs with cigarettes and electronic equipment such as cameras. Entrepreneurs will buy the product where it is available cheaply, often at retail but sometimes at wholesale, import it legally to the target market and sell it at a price which provides a profit but which is below the normal market price there.market in whihc stuff is sold without bills......most stuff bought by seller is from illegeal wayIt is a legal but "hazy" market. Usually they purchase products, or legally claim products, that are outdated or discarded for being "substandard". Then the products are resold as "perfectly good and of standard quality". Many hair products are sold this way, as are cosmetics and perfumes. Some clothing is also sold this way, however places like Montgomery Ward make it difficult because they tell you there may be problems and their prices are lower.It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
yes... you can use the international train and go thru France and the underwater tunnel... or by car... or boat...you can actually take the train most of the way (or drive!).  Go up through France, and then take either the ferry or Eurotunnel up through England onto Scotland.. It'll take you a LONG time, and be quite a bit more expensive, but if you REALLY can't fly, it's worth considering!You can drive underneath the channel via tunnel from France to Englandbet its for t in the park.Well you can get a bus which would be much faster than the boat or check out the rail networks i hear there real good in europe. good luckBoat
it call cultural shock :. if u dont know what it means it is when someone from other culture finds something which may be really offensive to ohersd that they do or viseversa u may even get killed for acting whitout care.. another one is that sometimes u may not knot the real money currency and u may get less that u supost to.You increase your chances of getting sick.
I live in Daytona and it is warm in March during the day, but it does cool down at nights so the ocean is still cool.  Most Northerners don't seem to mind, I see people out there in the water everyday even now.Yes, but the waters cold.This is a terrific site for weather anywhere in the world. Including Antartica.I lived about an hour from Daytona so my thoughts:. . Yes, it is typically warm in Early March, although on rare occasions there can be a cold front which will make it chilly (but not below freezing.). . Expect around 70 degree f water.Im in Tallahassee, its bout 68 today.  Usually it warms up, but the water will still be cold probably.
Depends on the state you are in. Laws vary.I think the more important question is - What is safest? I think you know the answer. Everyone should be buckled. Just because you are in a camper does not make it any safer. In fact in a rollover they have alot further to be thrown about.
In Manhattan, south of ~112 street, you can walk around at any time, the city is very safe.  Obviously, don't be careless or flash money around, but you'll be fine.  There are a few bad blocks here and there, like around Tompkins Square park late at night or around 14th street and the West Side Highway, but, overall, Manhattan is very safe, you can walk around anytime day or night.  I've even fallen asleep on subway late an night coming back from Brooklyn to Manhattan and have never had a problem.wooh... it's really safe, especially on the weekends! my friend & i walked from times square (42nd street) to chelsea (20th street) @ 3am, and there are tourists/ locals all over!I actually feel safer in Manhattan than any other place late at night. I was shocked the first time I saw the streets of the West Village overflowing with people at 1am, just like it was daytime, maybe even more so!. . Midtown will be more deserted, but you're still safe as long as you steer clear of obvious dangersperfectly safe.  just don't wander over into brooklyn....Perfectly safe... if you're made of kevlar.
It should work just like American addresses do.  Send it as you normally would.You might want to add .mx after the .com in the address if you are having trouble sending it normally.
if you mean Slovenia and its capital Ljubljana it is pronounced:. . LyooblyannaYup, it's Lyooblyan(n)a!!!
Yes, mapquest will give you all the information you need.  It will even plan the road trip for you exactly, right down to every intersection and turn, which highways, which exits to take, etc.  Excellent website.. . Good luck with sorting out your trip.www.mapquest.com....type in the two address and find outIf you mean Qu?bec City, the distance is about 400 km (250 miles).245.7 miles
It doesn't rain everyday in England.  It just has that reputation.  It actually rains more in your American city of Seattle than it does in EnglandIt doesnt rain everyday! In fact we are facing massive drough conditions in the South East with some resevoirs hardly even 30% full.Seems like it... lol. . Although you can get some lovely days in the summer. Blue skies all day...Well, England just has a rainy climate, the same way other countries almost never have rain. Yes, it does seem gloomy, but hey! England is a country rich in history, culture, and much much more! So, that doesn't really affect the English, why should it affect anyone else?Ah, England! Land of liquid sunshine!As far as I'm aware, this is caused by cool air from the sea colliding with the warmer air from land. The warm air rises over the cool air and cools off as it gets higher. It then condenses and becomes clouds/rain.
You say you "have to have paperwork to leave Puerto Rico", but...leaving, to go where?   Does your uncle have any form of photo identification?  Photo ID (driver's license, etc.) is required for adults to travel, even within the contiguous United States.if i was your uncle i would give them whatever they asked for. if he doesnt have it, have someone in the US fax it to him, contact the american consulant as well, they would be more knowledgeable about it than anyone on this pagesimple 911 every thing now most be watched incluing us.so your best bet is to show your suport and get your paperwork. if you can't fine them use the people search on the net.they cant deny u guys from visiting the united states u guys are citizens of the states( because puerto rico is considered as a territory of the united states) u guys wont have trouble gettig thru to the states midnightprophet is correctYou should not have to have paperwork to leave Puerto Rico.  Puerto Rico has dual citizenship meaning they can come and go as they please.  You do not need a passport to leave Puerto Rico as it is a commonwealth so there should not be any paperwork required to leave unless you are bringing anything odd through customs...If your uncle is an American and is stuck in another country trying to get home, contact the American Consulate for help.It's not just being a citizen, but being able to prove that you are.  The authorities are very paranoid lately, since 9/11/01.  None of us like it, but we have to admit it is understandable.All U.S. citizens visiting Canada need adequate paperwork too, even coming back.  Passport preferred.  If you are not careful, you may not be able to get back in.Puerto Rico is a territory, not a state. May be that's the reason? Look at http://state.gov for more information.
structure designed by A. G. Eiffel and erected in the Champ-de-Mars for the Paris exposition of 1889. The tower is 984 ft (300 m) high and consists of an iron framework supported on four masonry piers, from which rise four columns uniting to form one shaft. Three platforms at different heights (the intermediate platform just above the junction of the columns is 644 ft/196 m high) are reached by stairs and elevators. On the top of the tower are a meteorological station, a wireless station, and a television transmission antenna.The height of the tower is 986ft.Height: 986 feet984 ft.986 FEET. See the link below for the Eiffel Towers Vital statisticsEiffel Tower. 300 m 984 ft . The Tower is repainted every 7 years, with 50 tons of paint300 meters (984 feet)
I definatley agree with all the good points.  The only bad point it the cost of living.  It is very expensive (even by California standards) to live in the Monterey area.I LOVE Monterey! It is such a quaint and beautiful town. It's like a step back in time, right on the ocean. The bad things are that it is expensive to live in, and if you have Seasonal Affetivness Disorder (SAD) it is overcast a lot because of the ocean. But there is this long path along the beach that you can follow to Carmel, and the houses are so old. Take a trip and stay in a B&B like Green Gables, or Sevan Gables (sister B&B's).. Oh, now I miss it! I live in Colroado now!
Wemon? I guess you mean women. Well, they are as complex to men as men are unreasonable to women.wemon's are complex due to the DNA reactions.. . See, when you combine a lemon's DNA with that of a wombat, you get a wemon. This isn't an easy process by all means, although the basic process involves a dinucleic splice using a Monoflavic solution, which is necessary when performing genetic engineering over cross-kingdom species boundaries.Why are you so simple? Grow up kid!Duhhh, because we are women. We can't help it.
Ok smart@ss. We eat lots of piroshki. We drink lots of vodka. Ha Ha!That isn't russian, thats probably why translators wont work.That's not russian.
You really need to contact Canada Customs and Immigration.  This is not a question that can be very easily answered here as we don't know enough information about your case.  YOu probably need to make contact with Canadian Immigration authorities by phone and talk to a real person - if your command of English is not the best, have someone with you who understands English, or French, very well.. . Good luck with it.YOu need to check with immigration.
the jet stream usually blows over the pacific picking up moisture into seattle area.  In the seattle are, condition are usually right to  cause the water to condense.  The actual amount of rain isn't that great in seattle it self, but they do have a lot of days of rain.gulf stream, low pressure, and lower temp.Because Seattle Sucks and the moisture in the air gets pulled in to fill the void caused by the vacuum Seattle creates.WEll, partly because of the gulf strem. The global warming factor changes the planets temperature dramatically, and therefor people should stop consuming so much..
Hi.  Bus or coach is probably the cheapest.  Also try the train or plane.  Check the links.National express pffers coaches from Victoria bus station via their Eurolines see http://www.nationalexpress.com/eurolines/home/hp.cfm fpr details
You don´t give anyfurther details,but the most common way is going over the airline/train website and then you pick dates how many ppl are trav and pay with a credit card.Most rail passes have to be bought within 60 days of travel.  The only way you can hold an air ticket is to go thru a consolidator.
On the internet.check out that link. I found it for u.well ya can try some web pages like mexican maps, try in google or yahoo, it could be easy if ya try an spanish web site
Luxembourg was a duchy of Belgium, also a French-speaking country.  However, French is not the primary language; Luxembourgish is, and both French and German are used for administrative/governmental purposes only, most likely due to its location between Germany and France.Most of their commerce, historically, has been with France.
The American money is the US$.. The Turkish money is the Turkish lira.Not only are the names different (US=USD, Turkey=Turkish Lire), there are approximately 1,000,000 lire to a US dollar due to inflation in Turkey!
I hope these sites help you. It depends where you are from. I'm English & a visa cost 10 GBP or 15 Euros. You buy it at the visa desk at Istanbul airport.Its better to make a plane for ur own..Thats is the cheapest way..no on wil ask u planeticket
No problem on the Gold coast at all.  Stay between the flags if you can. Any poisonious marine life is further up the coast.  Gold coast beaches are gorgeous!i have been going to swim at the gold coast for over 25 years never had a problem JUST swin on patroled beaches
Basically, it's a present - a product marketed as a gift for business relations (corporate logo), family, friends etc. . . It can be anything - giftvouchers, mugs, vases, hats, flowers - the moment you're considering buying a product as a gift, it becomes an 'kadoartikel' or 'cadeauartikel'.It's a present, gift or offering.
Take a train. It'll cost you anywhere from 26 euro to 48 euro and will take around 3 hours. Costs and time taken depends upon what type of train you take and which class you sit in.fly.
Just type "iceland weather" into the little Yahoo search box in the upper right corner of your screen and click on the first result.. . Apparently, right now it's 48 degrees Fahrenheit with light rain in Reykjavik, Iceland.Green
it depends on your idea of hot and cold, but right now its 75-80 highs & 57-63 lows and going upThis is in relation to the question you answered about slavery. Your'e right and possibly the only person out here who's sober and knows what the hell they are talking about.Lower 80's leave your rain gear at home and enjoy the frozen MagaritasIts very nice. High 70s, low 80s. I guess it would depend on where you are from. If you are in NY right now...70 is a heat wave!! have a great trip!It depends on what you consider water warm enough to in which to swim!  The Gulf waters will be in the low to mid 70's.it is in the 80s but it is very hummid so it feels much hotter if you are not from there or used to humidity
It's a large entertainment/retail centre in the outskirts of Toronto.  About 5 miles from the AirportHomewood Suites by Hilton Announces Plans to Build New Hotel in Ontario, Canada, in Late 2005. The Brand's First Newly Built Canadian Hotel Breaks Ground at the Mississauga Entertainment Centrum, Five Miles from Toronto's Pearson International Airport. . Homewood Suites by Hilton(R), the national brand of upscale all-suite, residential-style hotels, breaks ground today for a newly built 108-suite Canadian hotel inside the Mississauga Entertainment Centrum, a master-planned entertainment, restaurant and retail center in suburban Toronto. The announcement was made at a ceremony today by Jim Holthouser, senior vice president, brand management, Homewood Suites by Hilton, and Alnoor (Al) Gulamani, president and CEO of Courtney Park Holdings, Ltd.
Austria you mean ? Is there an austrian embassy or consulate in Ireland where you could find the info ? Or else go to the Irish embassy : they will tell you how to proceed.- approach Austrian embassy.. - or find somebody in Austria and ask them to get a visa for you.. - all the best. -----------
It’s more risk about Life when seats with belt between them.Same reason large school busses don't. It's a FINANCIAL loss for the transit companies.Ships don't because for most of the times passengers aren't sitting down and nor are the crew. Trains are a more difficult case but I suspect that most train companies are struggling financially and governments haven't been persuaded to introduce them. As well, many passengers on commuter trains are standing up rather than sitting down.they don't want to waste money. . anyhow, they are so less injury defining than a car or 18 wheeler is.. it is like seeing a car driving on a railroad track! . in school, we had nice, new buses, air conditioned too! but no seatbelts. it is all a big threat to their finances. they just get money from taxes on a bus from school... so its a big threat to them. . And some trains are inexpensive. . ships sometimes have seatbelts. but travel slowly. i went on a cruise and it had seatbelts. but i went on a rich cruise... so it was xtreemly nice. !!!! thanxx
It means that you live in the accomadation as you would at home (ie you do all the cooking and cleaning yourself). You provide yourself, your clothes, and the food you require for the duration of the stay. Generally all the equipment you need (kitching & dining utensils, bedding, towels etc) are provided you in your chosen accomadation.. . This can be more economical if you are a holidaying as a family or going away for a long period (a week or more) anything less and a guest house or hotel is best.It refers to accomodation with a kitchenette so that you can prepare your own meals.  Usually a small fridge and stove, and maybe a microwave.
The same way men go poop. The toilets have suction to pull the stuff away from their bodies.. . Check out the following link for more info.wow i never thought of that. haha
You most definetily need Russian to travel anywhere in the former Soviet Union. Mostly people don't speak English (except Baltic states), but all of them understand Russian, even if they don't like to admit it. As everywhere else, people like to take advantage of tourists, so I would keep money and valuables hidden and be alert.is it safe?yes, everybody knows russian there, but be ready to see an extreme poverty
You would have to get to Dublin first, but once there you can take the Dublin Tour bus which stops at the brewery itself. You can then visit the 'Storehouse' which is pretty cool, you end up at the Gravity Bar to enjoy a 360-degree view over the city and a pint of the black stuff.They have a tour at St James's Gate ,the brewery,in Dublin. Supposed to be the best guinness in Ireland
Grayhound bus or you can check the local paper if you live in a large town, sometimes people sell their airline tickets real cheap.Here in Vegas  they have many in the paper on a weekly basis. People buy and cancel their trip and the tikets are cheap.share a car ride with some college students.  they usually have a bulletin board in the student center with people that need rides/riders.From where?Be born there!It would be a big help if you told us where you're starting your trip.walkI don't like any of these answers.  Take the train, but buy your ticket in advance and see if there is any applicable discount -- senior, student, military, etc.. . Make sure it is round trip with open return time so you have a way of GETTING OUT OF THERE.. . The bus is the pits.Put an ad in your local paper requesting a ride. Share expenses and driving or just pay for gas.  Surely someone is going your way.  Otherwise Greyhound, and I wouldn't recommend that to anyone - it's terrible.  Good Luck!FROM WHERE???Try Grayhounder bus, real cheap. If you paid in advance like two months earlier and it should be a lot more cheaper.Depends on where you live. Also, I assume you want to go NYC other than elsewhere in the state.Walk.... it might take you a while but there are no fees involved with walkinghitch hikeI'd try a bus...Still to expensive? Walking or a good ol' hitch hiking will do. Just prostitute yourself out to a bunch of girls and get the money for a plane ticket. Jus' kidding don't do that!fly to new york with the flight simulator.fly Jet Blue you can usually get airfare from $69 each way. I go all the time from Florida to NYI always take the "China Town Bus" which goes from most China Towns in the North East to New York. I know they have them in Philly, Boston, VA, and most go to NYC. I use 2000 New Century Travel (www.2000coach.com) which is only $20 round trip ($12 each way) from Philly. It runs almost every hour and you can buy tickets on the bus. Problem is the service is bad, many emplyees don't speak English, and the buses are prone to breaking down. Worse of all is you often need to wait outside and push to get on during busy times, otherwise risk being left out in the cold by more pushy patrons. So show up early and be prepared to push if you want to get on during rush hour.
In The Gambia, the dry season is from November to May with average temperatures around 21-27C and the Harmattan wind keeping the humidity low. The rainy season is from June to October with high humidity and average temperatures around 26-32C.Gambia is not in the United Arab Emirates, though this question is in the UAE category.
I understand there is lots of ancient mayan ruins to explore, great beaches and great eats.  I have been loking for stuff to do we are going in May to there.I had a wonderful time in Merida. Try travelling around a bit, like Playa Del Carmen, Tulum and Chel-Ha. Don't stay put, check it all out.. Let me know if you find something wonderful in Progresso.
Its depend upon which type of visa you are talking? If you mention i will definately help you out.I am sure the answer above me is correct,I have no idea just answering this question so that they can get best answer
Nuevo progress is safe  but just like any American city you have to be careful where you go, what you eat, and drink. It mainly a single street where all the business is located. you can walk or drive its right across the international bring . we prefer to go there instead of reynosa.While I have never been to Nuevo Progreso, it has been my experience that all border towns in Mexico are dirty and dangerous.  That being said, usually you can go there during the day and do some shopping.  I do not recommend staying after dark or going there by yourself.
Go to the local welfare office ,with  youss number and other id's. and apply if  youare legalFind the nearest local office from this map (http://www.ladpss.org/dpss/maps/gr_map.cfm) and apply in person.
because they get so stressed out with their job and evverything and plus some people just have to much money they just want to spend it all before they dieThe internet has made planning a trip easier than ever because the web pretty much replaced travel agents and costs for travel have gone down.because everybody is dying really young these days and they're trying to see the whole world before they perrishI don't think people are any more or less "obsessed" with travel than ever... but I definitely think that it's a pretty big world, so it's in your best intrest to get out their and experience as much of it as you can. And a lot of people recognize that.. . Plus there's the whole adding culture to yourself thing.
3 Hrs. See the link below for more detailswatttttt?3 hours. If its 1:00 in Athens then its 4:00 in Lahore
it's often raining in that area. it's right next to the pennines -- precipitation I believe they called it in geography at school. I have yet to get off at Piccadilly and it not be raining.i live in manchester and it is not raining all the time.  the past month has been really dry with only a few showers.  in the summer it is mainly dry and i have seen wetter places believe me.  in my opinion its not that bad really! :-)
I was in Madrid last summer during the end of June. I did not notice any mosquitoes at all. I was in the city the whole time, so maybe they are on the outskirts of the city? I was in Barcelona also during July and there were not any mosquitoes there neither.- Yep. In most of the places.. - Be careful to take preventive measures to be away malaria.. - Apply antimosquito lotion all over your body.. -------------------Rather than mosquitoes, flies!!!Yes usually
One reason is that there isn't any place like it in the world (Or at least the parts I've been to)  There is so much to do besides gambling, Great shows, food site, site seeing and one of my favorite things people watch.  It's something to see at night with the lights and all of the different designs of hotels/casinos.So much to do! The shows, the lights, the gourmet food, the absolute spectacles that the casinos are to look at, the shopping, tons and tons of free entertainment to be had.Because of the entertainment.because it has gambing, which makes it different to most of america. so a lot of money concentrates there.
It depends really where u will go!! But usually places like Halkidiki and thessaloniki and also some of the islands are quite warm so i dont believe that u are going to have a problem.One of the best places that you can visit since you will go there for your honeymoon, which is really good is an island ,Santorini. Probably the most romantic place in greece with incredible sunsets!starting to cool, which is a good thing in athens... the southern islands shoud be warmer... the water will be a bit cold... some of the islands start to wind down in oct... the crowds have mostly gone... better prices... I'm sure you'll end up on santorini and mykonos...Fab, Its still quite warm so yes u will be able to enjoy the beach! Its also still busy as nothing starts shutting down to mid-end october, Have a great honeymoon
Habibti means ( my love girl) in Arabic . Notice not always it used to talk with or about our love. but sometimes used even between just friend however in general . it is for our love girl.habibti mean My Love for a girlsMy belovedDitto... everyone is correct so far.habibity means my love for the gilrs & habibi for boyseveryone is correct"habibti" means = "my beloved"; to a female person. whereas, "habibi" is for a male one.
I'm not really sure that there is a possible way to track a cruise ship. Most of those things are considered "confidential" because of the terrorist attacks.There is a website that tracks all ahips at sea:. http://www.sailwx.info/. Just click on "ship tracker", and it will display the cruise ships currently at sea. The only problem is, I don't think it's updated frequently when the ship is diverted due to weather. I wason a cruise in September, and we had to divert due to Hurricane Rita. My parents said they could not get the information to see where the ship was. Good Luck!why would you what to track a cruse ship in the first place?
The Firth of Forth is the estuary or firth of Scotland's River Forth, where it flows into the North Sea between Fife to the north, and West Lothian, the City of Edinburgh, and East Lothian to the south. The river is tidal as far inland as Stirling, but generally it is considered that the inland extent of the firth ends at the Kincardine Bridge.. . A large number of towns line the shores, as well as the petrochemical complexes at Grangemouth and Burntisland, the commercial docks at Leith, oilrig construction yards at Dalgety Bay and Methil and the naval dockyard at Rosyth, with numerous other industrial areas including the Forth Bridgehead area.. . The Kincardine Bridge and the famous Forth Road Bridge and Forth Bridge carry traffic across the Firth.The Firth of Forth is a bridge in Scotland. It was built in 1882-1890.. . It is also the first major example of the cantilever bridge. It was built with two 1,700-foot spans, and its steel truss members are tubular in shape.the firth of forth is water coming in from the North Sea splitting the shores of fife region and Edinburgh (Lothian region) in towards Stirling (central region).  It is 3 bridges helping traffic and rail over it.  Going towards west you have the famous Forth Rail Bridge, Then Forth Road bridge then further upstream is the Kincardine bridge. I am very lucky to live within the shadows of the Rail Bridge and when it is lite at night there is no better sight
you should have mentioned where are you from-from mla? use the North Super Highway. (is it still called the same? Same route to Baguio. ALong the highway, exit San Fernando. Hope Im right... heheheYou didn't mention your location, but if your cummuting by bus, just go to a bus station or Q.C Highway (Edsa) or SM North and look for a bus that's going to San Fernando Pampanga. The bus will stop right infront of SM Pampanga. But to make sure, ask the bus driver or conductor first if they gonna stop at SM Pampanga. I'm not sure if their's some FX going their
I don't know why this is so funny, but it is! Sorry...it just sounds so. Enjoy Texas! Learn how to be an arrogant tool now, it'll help later!it seems you already know the answer. as you conveniently say it, you "have to" move. so just do it. it's probably not the worst thing in the world.moveWith the internet, it's easy to keep in touch with friends you have to leave behind.  Just keep a positive attitude and look forward to a new experience.
They are both types of colleges. Universities have higher expectations, higher requirements, require more credits, more well rounded education and so on. I think you mean community colleges, when you say colleges. This answer was just answered a week ago...the only difference is you added Denmark on it...colleges/universities have basic same principals in every country.college is 2 year..university is 4 year or more
It's because they have no guaranteed passengers on a trip back. It therefore becomes more costly to the airline to ferry a passenger to one destination without having another passenger ferried back.Because it is always cheaper when we buy things with a larger quantity, discounts will always be given because of the number of quantity you purchased.
Take Dramamine. Also, eat while you read. The swallowing helps soothe the stomach AND stabilize the fluid in the ears. Carbonated beverages also help.Get books on tape at the library and listen to them.start to chewing a gumI know what you mean but it is not entirely possible but do take regular breaks during the reading and it will help a lot...You Can Take Half a " Dimen Hydrianate " Pill About Half an hour before You start the Trip . . . Car Sick is gone then .
It is free. You can use latest yahoo or msn messengers.. You will need to have a sound card on your PC and a microphone.ya..U can.Right, use those messengers. Or something called Skye, really for making phone call.
Well it looks like $636 on  .  Air Mauritius  go to yahoo travel and plug in cities use flexible dates!check travelocity (or orbitz), they have cheap deals...
In summer there´s quite good the weather, but at noon and between 1 and 3PM some days it can be very hot. In the evening and night is the best weather.. . Summer tends to be warm with temperatures that easily reach 24 °C in July and that can often reach 35 °C.Although Madrid is at quite a high elevation which makes it really cold in the winter, it gets scorching hot in the summer! That´s when you start valuing Siesta and not going out to dinner before 9 or 10 p.m. :-)
Do you mean, why is Isfahan so beautiful? Well, I wouldn't know I have never been there. But if you have been there, why are you asking other people why it is beautiful?IsFahan is so beautiful because the name itself is beautiful.  You better correct your English spelling skills.
Cold and fairly elevated.  It is in the southwestern part of the state and is in the Rockies.  It is beautiful thoughSome good "Almont" pages on the web:. . . City Map. www.mapquest.com. . . . . AccuWeather® Current Conditions for . Almont, CO. . . SUNNY Temperature: -6°F / -21°C . Humidity: 84%. Winds: CLM 0 mph / 0 kmh . Pressure: 30.01". Visibility: 10 mi. / 16 km  . Last updated February 18, 2006 07:49 (EST)
there is a lot of jobs out there that require no experience and somehow connected to travel :. For example :> bagges handeler ( for an airline company). > ramp agent , > airline customer service agent. Most of those jobs reuqire no or little experience ,,. Good luck find a jobIt first depends on how old you are. A good traveling job that might suit you would be something like truck driving for top sellers. It still takes a little experience though. and traveling is going to take some.
It's a whole bunch of restaurants and bars in about a quarter-mile stretch through cobbled streets. There are often outdoor musicians, indoor musicians and always plenty of tourists, an easy place to make friends on a grand night out. Also a few live music places and shops as well, definitely a place to visit.octaviolet is right. However, most citizens of Dublin (me included) try to avoid Temple Bar - especially at night. The streets become crowded with drunken groups including, but not confined to, stag and hen (bachelor and bachelorette) parties mostly from across the pond (UK). It's also slightly more expensive than other parts of Dublin (although generally speaking Dublin in quite expensive these days). It's worth a look if it's your first time in Dublin, but try to befriend some locals and go wherever they're going (as long as you're sure you're safe in doing so!).
Become a stowaway in any Manila-bound ship - they'll have to dump you there ! . Or else, if you're above hitching free-rides, announce that you intend to SWIM all the way to Manila : A lot of publicity will follow, and when you start swimming entire TV crews will be following you ! . Claim dense fatigue when adequately out at sea, and climb aboard a Phillipine News crew's vessel. They will take you to Manila !. :-))philippine airlines, it'll get to to manila safely. . you just have to sit back and relax...cheapest way = swim there, it's good exercise too.. but no, seriously. prices fluctuate significantly throughout the year, so it depends on when you're going. do research at online sites for airfares during the times you plan to go.If you want direct or one-stop flights, get Philippines Airlines of Northwest Airlines.  PAL have regular direct flights from LA and San Francisco, Northwest from Detroit and Minneapolis. . . If you are looking for cheap flights, try the link below.  Fare results are without taxes but after comparing results with other web sites, I find results from this website cheaper.. . Enjoy your stay in the Philippines!
All of China is in the same time zone. So, now, there would be a 11 hour difference. However, since China doesn't have daylight savings time, it would be 12 hours difference in the spring/summer months.I like to say they are 13 hours ahead. Which they are. Going back the other way can be more confusing at times.. . If it is 7:00pm in EST on the 24th, then it is 8:00am there on the 25th.I supposed it has 11 hours jetlag.It's 12:00am in Chengdo while It's 11:00pm in NEW YORK..      www.hnbw.cn
Tiger Airlines or something. PHP 5,000 flying from ClarkTry Northwest. They got a big hub in spore. But if you are travelling from Manila, you will have to transit in Tokyo - Spore - then Jakarta. Good Luck
As long as you keep away from anywhere that looks dodgy, you'll be fine. Just avoid Vietnamese gangs, they're the main problem here at the moment.. . It'll certainly be very good during the Commonwealth Games next month, everyone will be too busy watching sport.Melbourne is a safe city. Crime exists in Australia & Melbourne (of course). There is organised crime that onyl generally affects those directly involved. The police force in Australia and Melbourne is generally well staffed and trained.Very safe though you need to  use 'common sense'.  Downtown gets a bit deserted at night.  Safer than Sydneya generally safe town. i myself have never been mugged or anything. bring a umbrella
Body chemistry, perfumes, and diet will all have an impact on how bugs are attracted to you.. . My wife has this same complaint. The mosquitoes love her, but leave me alone. (Personally, I think it's because she tastes better than me.)In my experience bugs seem to pick the person who is wearing perfume. Suggest using perfume free soap and not applying perfumes, after shave, scented deodorants etc if going into a buggy area.. . Also expose as little flesh as poss.As far as mosquitoes are concerned, it's not blood type but rather certain odors, sweat, and food you recently consumed.. . Other things to avoid:. * Perfumes, sprays and lotions, which attract insects.. * Bright colors and bold or flowered print clothing
Take away all the pas' money!!! yuck yuck yuck.You want a US *PASSPORT*? Don't *make* one. *Making* a US *PASSPORT* gets you a free trip--but only to a jail. The US government *makes* the *PASSPORT*. If you are lucky enough to be entitled to a *PASSPORT*, you *pay for* it. Good luck.
vote for answer #1You can go to a money exchange place. There are tons up and down Oxford Street (or you might be able to find a location online), you will need your passport.why
report it to webmasterI do not know why there is not a Hungary option. It would be helpful for me as well.
I've been. It's nice, but it's a complete rip off once ur there, coz it's a cornered market. U can't do nothing without shelling out, so take lots of cash. CHeaper to spend twice the price, goto spain, and eat for nothing, oh, and the weather is better.Lots to do but it's quite expensive. I stayed there for 3 nights and it cost close to £500 for two of us. Entertainment was very good. There are alot of free things such as the leisure pool and cycling (if you take your own bike). I did stay at Whinfell and thorughly enjoyed the experience. Would do again (once i saved up)
Greek word meaning mountain climbing, mountaineering.. The etymology is from the greek words oros = mountain and vaino = go, walk.mountain climbingmountain climbing,i am greek tooof course it is mountain climbing,but if you look it up somebody else asked the very same question on this site(words and wordplay).I have to wonder why..MOUNTAIN CLIMBING
It's the eight wonder of the world because the Ifugao tribes during the early years made those plains using their neolithic equipment and more times, bare handed.. . Determination, Patience, Hardwork: these are values that made up the eight wonder.because ancient technology of the early ifugaos has made such an expanse of terraces. they showed the ingenuity of the early ifugao which made these to make their agriculture sustainable. the fact that crude tools were used to literally curve these out of the mountains and considering the engineering techniques they used (including that for "irrigating" the rice), it is but fitting tribute.It is dubbed as the "Eigth Wonder of the World" because it is an architectural feat made by the Fiugao tribes of the Northern Philippines. It is made some 2,000 years ago. Its also done without early devices.
I agree with the previous answerers, but would add a couple of things.  If you have the money for the NJ Turnpike, it's faster and easier than following I-95 through the Philadelphia area.  Also, there is a bypass around Washington D.C. (I think it may be I-495, but am not certain) that will save you a lot of time if you use it.The drive to Florida is a long one down I-95 south.  I've done it several times.  There are two very distinct portions - the busy northern portion, and the rural southern portion.. . From NY and all the way unitl you pass through Richmond, VA, there is a lot to see - bridges, cities, buildings, etc.  . . Once you enter the southern portion, there's not much to see.  The road gets boring when all you see are trees and farmland.  It gets interesting when you pass through what resembles a city (Rocky Mount, NC is a city that you drive through.  It reminds you that there is civilization in those parts).  The road seems to go on and on.  And on.  . . A couple of tips:  . -Watch your speed, especially in South Carolina.  The troopers there are big and don't want to hear from us Yankees. -Don't spend too much time at South of the Border.  As interesting as the billboards are, it's basically a giant tourist trap. -Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina take about 4 hours each to pass through.  Once you get into Georgia, you're almost there, as GA only takes about 2 hours to traverse.. -Remember that Florida is a big state.  Depending on where you are going, just because you crossed the border doesn't mean you've arrived.  Tampa and Orlando are about 3-1/2 hours, and Miami is about 5 hours from the border.. . I saw a book at the bookstore that actually chronicles all the gas stations, restaurants, hotels, and tourist sites at every exit all the way to the FL border.  If you're looking to make several stops along the way, that book may be interesting.. . Enjoy your trip!Invest in a AAA membership!  Meanwhile I-95 south all the way will get you thereTake I95 south. Nice ride! 17 hours.
Have not been there for spring break but for vacation. It's beautiful but very expensive! I once spent $3 US dollars for a small bottle of water!Since the last hurricane it is slowly recovering.  I would look down the coast for another resort that wasn't hit by the hurricane.cancun was hit by one of the hurricanes and is still in a mess. If you go, wear lots of sun screen cause the sun's rays are completly stronger down there than here and you can burn super bad in less than half an hour. My sister was in the sun only 15-20 minutes and got burned so bad she had sun poisoning. Also most of the people (even in the hotels and resteruants)don't speak english, so if you don't know spanish, it can be hard.Spring Break will probably be better next year, that is if a hurricane doesn't hit like the previous one!  We just got back from there...expect only about 5 awesome clubs, that are actually open, research the resort you would choose before hand, expect to get stopped every other second to try to buy something (remember to BARGAIN on the streets!).  There is a LOT of renovation being done, as of February 26!  Expect not a lot of beach, palm trees, and construction noise.Just got back from Cancun, last week.  Usually, it is a great Spring Break spot.  But you might want to wait till next year.  Some of the great party bars are still closed, such as Senior Frogs.  These bars are what makes Spring Break in Cancun so much fun.It will varie from person to person. if you do not look like a tourist people will respect you and not take advantage of you
hot, hot ,hot :). erh.... it's dry (hot) season in april! so, you wanna soak yourself in the pool, in bali?. have fun!normally it.s will be hot with 27 to 35 deg C. humadity around 80 %. but you can expected got hard rain in several day also.. it will be depend with area of java you want to go.bogor,bandung,malang you can get rain every day.
By winning the annual Green Card Lottery.  50,000 green cards are given out in the lottery annually.  You have to see if your coubtry is eligible though.  Some countries are not eligible like China, India, Pakistan amd a few others.go to the department of imagration and ask for one.first learn english,then marry americanoMarry me, My LOVE! . Oh wait, I'm Canadian.with your english, they wont give it to you even if it was free. And by the way, there is no such thing as 'free' in America!!
March is fairly wild in Ireland and you are likely to get all four seasons in this month. It is spring though so there should be a lot of growth to trees, grasses and wild flowers. The west coast is good for the more rugged look and the east side of the country for flora and fauna, though Co Kerry has an abundance of indigenous Red deer and other animals. All around the coastline you will find plenty of sea birds and marine mammals.Green! even more so then usual
you mean now or in general?. . in general it is very nice - the winters can be unpredictable because of the closeness to the mountains can be cold one day, warm the nextToday it's -12 C.  You can get up to date weather info at  http://www.theweathernetwork.com/weather/cities/can/pages/CAAB0049.htm
The name Belfast originates from the Irish B?al Feirste, or the mouth of the Farset (feirste is the genitive of the word fearsaid, "a spindle"), the river on which the city was built. Interestingly, the river Farset has been superseded by the River Lagan as the most important river; the Farset now languishes under the High Street in obscurity. Bridge Street indicates where there was originally a bridge across the Farset.you like asking why places are called what they are called (i saw the piccadilly one) i don't really know why Belfast is called Belfast really!
Help me! (This is where the expression "Mayday" asking for help comes from, by the way, it is colloquial grammar, not book grammar, and is used to cry for help.)It's only part of a sentence which doesn't really mean anything by itself.  It could be translated as "helps me.". . The simplest complete sentence with this phrase would be "Vous m'aidez" which means "You help me.". . The imperitive (command) would be "Aidez-moi."  That would translate as "Help me."It dosen't relly mean help me, it's more used with verbs. like:. "Tu peut m'aidez"in need of aid...first person.... . command.  you help myself...basically.  the M' is reflective of ma, or myself.  the -ez ending is reflective of "you", second person.  Aid is help,or aid.  Hope this helps."help me", is what it means
Travel wholesalers purchase a large amount of unused hotel rooms, airline seats, or cruise space at a highly discounted rate and sell it to the public at a discounted rate.  I work in a hotel and we use wholesalers all the time to sell our hotel rooms in the slow season.Hi.  I think a wholesaler buys tickets in bulk quantities from airlines or other consolidators and sells them for a discount.  A retailer is like a travel agency.  They deal in small quantities.  For example.  A wholesaler may buy 50 seats on a flight to India.  These are bought at heavy discount, some of which is passed on to travelers.  A travel agency buys as customers require.  Hope this helps.
From Shanghai, find your way to Qingdao by train or bus and then take a ferry to Incheon. After you've arrived in Incheon, take a bus to Seoul. That's the cheapest way, I could think of.. . If you're thinking of getting there by airplane, I would recommend you to get a cheap flight from Shanghai Pudong airport to Busan, Gimhae airport and from Busan, buy the cheapest train ticket to Seoul.Walk
In Roman mythology, Faustulus was the shepherd who found the infants Romulus and Remus, who were being suckled by a she-wolf, known as Lupa, on the Palatine Hill. He, with his wife Acca Larentia, raised the children.Gaius Iunius Faustinus Postumianus was a governor of Britannia Superior, a province of Roman Britain probably some time between 222 and 235.. . He served as a staff officer under Septimius Severus during the emperor's campaigns in Britain c. 210 although little else is known of him.
Depends on which train you want. There is a BART station at Powell & Market, or you can take the MUNI Metro from the Powell station to the Caltrain station, just take the N train inbound.caltrain station @ 4th & townsend, or Powell St. BART
Nearly all airplane travel can be handled on line.  You just go to yahoo homepage and click on travel.  That will get you to any information you need.Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote
Because you want your buisness to flourish? It's not economically viable to provide services that might not give profit because you didn't find it necessary to see wether your services were actually desired at the desired level.because that what they were tought to do.
Although not one of the best beaches in Australia in terms of surf (in fact very poor on the surf front, mainly due to being located on the north-eastern shore of Port Phillip Bay), it does have many colourful "boxes" that are used by families to store everything you could want at the beach. From beach furniture to towels, bar fridges, eskies, boogie boards and warm clothes. (It is melbourne after all, it gets pretty cold) Brighton as a suburb is quite well-to-do, and boasts some of Melbournes prettiest and most expensive homes. The beach boxes themselves are expensive to buy due to the limited number and the fact that they are infrequently sold, instead tending to remain within families for a long time.It is famous because the playwrite, Neil Simon, grew up there and made a play called 'Brighton Beach Memoirs' and made a movie of the same name with Matthew Broderick playing the Neil Simon role.
One of the biggest groups of outlet malls is in San Marcos, which is between San Antonio & Austin.  There are also smaller malls near Houston and Dallas.  See the list linked below, noting that Prime and Tanger brand malls are some of the biggest ones of which I know.san marcos is one of the best i have been to.  hillsboro is alright.  and i think there may still be one in denton.An electrical outlet to plug something into?. An emotional outlet so you don't go Postal and get put away?. A river outlet that joins with an ocean?. etc, etc, etc.......... . .......and on the following day Bat Scat said: Darn. Can't help you there! I've never been to Texas. Hope it's nice! But then, all of my relatives were from Texas and they all left! ;o)go online key in Texas.gov then key in map then coast line and you will find. all the outlets on the coastline of Texas.
A present that can be enjoy by the whole family. Like some typical food, or craft or a book from your region/country.. Anything coming from your heart will do, the important thing is that you are showing your appreciation and that is more than anything else.A tasteful painting of Evita Perron......not Madonna portraying her.Some artsy craft made in your state/region. Argentinians are for the most part urbane and cosmopolitan. Do not stint on the gift. They'll know right away.My suggestions are:. . For him --> Birng what ever do you want of Consumer Electronics or IT, here those type of hardware are really expensive, and you can buy a DVD Player in US for USD30, and here cost USD 120.. . For her --> You can bring what ever do you want of clothes, there some brands that are not availble here, GAP, Banan Republic, Victoria Secret, etc.. . Other options, off course are something tipical from your country, state, city..... . But the first two are something they will love to use...Dulce de Lache and Empanadas.Something they know about.Anything,that is not Argentine,is not worth having. After all,God lives in Argentina and they don't mind you knowing the real facts.
iranrod eireann should have a web site, but theres no need to book in advance just come to the station early. Rail service is woefull though,and you may be better getting busesRight at the train station.  It's really, really nice to have the flexibility and spontaneity.
If you're 16 it's a party!. If you're older than about 20, it's a bunch of drunk chavs starting fights, girls wearing glitter handkerchiefs and then throwing up outside the pub.  Most non-chav adults around here avoid the Bigg Market weekend nights.Stay away!! Head down to the quayside for a great night out.
you will found internet cafe in every where at major city of indonesia. also hot spot just go to mc donald,starbuck,dome, etc you will get free wifi.. for internet cafe you will charged less than US $ 1. for one hour.How much could it possibly cost that you are going to worry about it. Are you on on very tight budget or what's the deal?. Just kidding, thanx for the two points and have a good trip.see the wifi hotspot, or go ti internetcafe, but thebest is wifi !
apply for a visitor's visa for the person, giving them a good reason why they are visiting.  you can usually get the visa applications at a US emabassy or it's online on the emabassy site.apply for a visitor's visa for the person, . give a reason y the person is coming and waitfaty boyare you crazy!!!! America has the best ladies and female. The solution to your problems are communication.
If you booked through a travel agency, call them first. Then call the airline.. . If you want to fly earlier or later but on the same day, most airlines offer a free or low-fee stand-by policy. Call your airline/check their website for details.Call the airline and speak with a flight agent.
First of all, it is spelled arch, not arc. It represents Westward expansion. Technically it is the Jefferson Memorial so it commemmorates Thomas Jefferson and his purchase of the Louisiana Territory in the early 19th century, which doubled the size of our country. The arch symbolizes the gateway to this western territory.The gateway to the west of the settlers of the mid and late 1800s
try Ryan air, Easy jet, Virgin or Go. One of them is bound to.I'm not sure any one does.  You might want to drive down to Dublin.British ariways does for sure... . www.cheapflights.co.uk
Go to an auto supply store and buy a can of "Stop Leak". Follow the directions & you will be leak free in no tome.DO nOT PUT STOP LEAK IN A MOTORCYCLE - If it is antifreeze leaking from the engine block then you have a seal or o-ring that needs replacing. Best to go to a dealer and buy a manual for the bike.
a valid drivers licence. I think you can use your american licence up to 3 month min.But if you want to avoid running into a stubborn non-english speaking police person, maybe an international driving permit wouldn't be bad. Is in multiple languagues and you can get it..... at your local AAA office.. . Well..and if you want to drive FAST on the Autobahn, you should take some speed driving lessons, like on a local speedway - its quite different driving 75 mph or 150 mph :) Fun though.....and stressful!They should have a drivers license.No special license is required. The only thing required is an 8 cylinder car with some horsepower. Just be on alert for the Porches and BMW's cruising the left lane. They come up on you fast and flick the lights and you better get the hell out of the way.I valid driving license is all you need. An US License is valid for drivers over 18 years of age.. . I recommend however that you stay well clear of German Autobahns, unless you have got a death wish.If you want to drive fast, you should go on the Autobahn at night. Trucks are not allowed to drive from fri/sat midnight till i think sunday 10pmUh, love Michael K´s answer, you need to be used to the speed when driving on the german autobahn!!!. . Unfortunately, there is no required class for driving there but I´ve seen people who can´t even enter the autobahn because they started panicking and couldn´t adjust to the speed! . Anyone with a license can drive on the Autobahn but it´s not for the faint hearted :-D. You can also take your car to the best race track in the world, the N?rburgring, and drive it over the course! . That also is not for the faint hearted.. lol.. I´ve been there a couple of times and if you want speed and adrenaline - there is the perfect combination for ya! But your insurance won´t cover a thing if you crash.. :-D. . http://www.nuerburgring.de/home/index.html?L=1. . if all you are asking is about driving on the autobahn at a normal rate then you´ll be alright, just learn something about the local laws and if you´re lucky, you´ll have a coach the first time :-DYou only need a driving licence. But take care, although there is no speed limit in general, you must be careful, when there are shilds, bc they control a lot.a drivers licence as said earlier here an international drivers licence could be helpful, although almost everybody speaks( at least a little bit) english in Germany.. to drive fast and enjoy that a good fast car is always fun!All you need is your driver's license. Be careful, however, they check peoples' speed everywhere, not just on the autobahn. They have cameras set up and speedtraps.Yeah, Michael K. is right.. But as someone else said about the speedlimit on the autobahn - that's not true. Most parts of the Autobahn DO have a speed limit of 130 km/h! If there's a round white sign with grey diagonal lines going thru it that means that there's no speed limit.. You also should know that you CANNOT pass on the right side and the left lanes are ONLY for passing someone - not for permanently staying in one of the left lanes.. When you start driving on the Autobahn maybe you should stay in the right lane (behind a truck) until you get used to the traffic and the speed.
Hawaii is a very expensive place, a beauitful paradise, it is not what you think, You just can't walk the beaches and bum around  living on hand outs or no place to stay. Some of the other Islands are quite remote, but still need the  basics to live.  It is very up scale and full of tourists. and the people who live there are very nice.go live in KPT. (:I heard it depends on which island you go to!If you don't mind camping you can live quite easily here on the beach. There are many people who choose to be technically homeless that live on the beach. In some areas the county government provides porta-potty's in area's they know people are living on the beach.. You can live off fish and seafood and the abundant fruits such as banana, mango and pineapple.. Most of the "homeless" I see here have a tent for shelter on the beach and a car nearby for transportation.
Well, you can rush one in 21 days, but normally they take 4-6 weeks.  I didn't believe that, assumed they just tell you that long, but mine literally came the day (7+ weeks) we left.. . You get a picture taken at walmart, then get the application from the post office and then take it to your clerk of courts.Go down to your local country courthouse and they will take you step by step through the process.You need to go to your court house and fill out the paper work and i think the cost is 64 to 71 dollars . Ask for Clerk of Courts when you go to the court house they should be able to help you
It was once an uncolonised nation, unlike the other SE Asian countries.Because in Thai the name means "land of the free".Because through diplomacy the former Kings of Thailand managed to keep Thailand from being colonized by the superpowers then. France, Britain, Portugal, Netherlands were all in the land claiming days and all countries were taken except Thailand which remained free and independent.. . Thai means free, as in independent.
It means a pal or friend that you share things with.. . It is derived from mucking in together.In British English it means friend/mate. Its a slang term and would be used in the context of something like:. . "Alright me old mucker?"You spelt it wrong. Did you mean Mocha ? Go down to you nearest coffee store and have a cup.In Slovenian language the meaning of mucka is a LITTLE CAT. OR a pussy cat:).
2 many pepole ,i toiletMaybe you fly with the wrong airline?Because none of the staff on the plane want to clean them. they would rather leave it for the airport contract staff who have to clean the plane after it lands and before its next journey - I think you should write to the airline that you were on - stating which flight so that the staff on that flight can be held accountable - if you do not complain then these staff members will get away with shirking their duties
You don't. . Taxi companies operate in, and are licensed by each local authority.. . If you want a taxi to drive you across the country, most will be happy to oblige.Try limo companies.. I know that Prompt Limo operates nationwide, look them up on Google.You will struggle to find a nation-wide taxi operator.. . Next best option is to use the local directory or yellow pages to find local taxi services.
Supply and demand also dictates prices. Amount of competition on a particular route will also play a part in pricing of flights. The more airlines flying the route, the more competition...Always better to wait on booking if you can play with dates.  The reason it vary's is because of fuel costs, and number of people flying.Fuel surcharge affects the price as does weather, busy times in the year etc.
There are actually lots of good jobs in Canada if you have qualifications and speak good English or French.  Go the the Canadian Immigration website to get started.  Good luck with it.It is very hard to find a good job in Canada.There are many ways you can travel Canada: You can drive, walk, swim, ride horseback, or even somersault all the way there.
if u're paying it off, that means it's not yours ergo - no one can't take it from u, or if you pay off mortgage - sure they can, consult a lawyer, if u cannot afford it, read ur local law on bankruptcy.Your dignity.....actually they take that too!If you don't fully own the house and can't afford to keep paying the mortgage payments then yes, your house can be taken away. Banks have a nasty habit of evicting mortgage defaulters. If you declare bankruptcy you won't be able to get a housing loan for several years - and may have more difficulty even after you get out of bankruptcy.
There should be no problem with driving in mid-May.  A blizzard could happen, but most likely not.  The highways are very well cared for and if there were to be a blizzard there would be a warning.Unless there is an active blizzard in progress the roads are well maintained.
to travel from paris to london you can either. a) fly - about one hour by plane but you need to factor in checking in one hour beforehand, getting to/from airports. you're looking at around £90 a flight. b) ferry - get the train from paris-calais (about 3 hours) then the ferry from calais to dover (1h30) then the train from dover to london victoria (2h). longer trip but will work out cheaper.. c) eurostar - get the train all the way from paris direct to london waterloo. prob a bit more expensive than the ferry option but much less hassle and less time (3h30) and without any changes from one great capital city to the next! check out the eurosta r website first for timings and any special offers they might have.Assuming you have the correct passport/visa, there are two ways to travel;. 1) Get a Eurostar train from Paris which uses the Channel Tunnel and goes direct to London with no need to get out of your seat or. 2) Get a Train to Calais from Paris, from there, there are very frequent ferry sailings to Dover where there are trains to London.. Have a safe journey.
POst offices take your photos and application and forward them to the US passport office which does the review and certification.  No you will  not be able to walk out the door with the passport the same day.. . If you lived in DC you could go to the passport office and get same day service, but you would stand in line 4 or 5 housr for this.. . Go to the web site below for more information.Basically, it is a short process.  You have to bring your own passport size photo.  I believe you need to bring 2 of them. You will have to fill out your paperwork and pay for the passport. . . Call 1-800-ask-USPS for more infor.  They will be able to tell you all the info you need as well as which post offices in your area have the passport applications and proccessing department. . . Have a safe trip!
2 ways : - by train : Monaco to Cagnes sur mer(20mn) then a bus to Saint Paul de vence(10mn) cause there is no train station in Saint paul.          - by bus : Monaco to Nice(20mn) then Nice to Saint Paul de vence(20mn)By cycle is the best cheap and secure
Rio de Janeiro is the correct spelling. Check some sources belowyou can't, there is not such thing as the rio de genairo carnival. . . google around a bit for spelling.i was searching for the same thing a few days ago.. didn't find anything yet thoyou can search on the internet for webcams from there.
Read the online reviews. In Aruba, no matter which resort you choose, you are getting what you paid for. Stay where you can best afford. See link below for reviewsyou get what you pay for and nothing else
A bit cold, maximum temperature 6? C, minimum temperature of 4?C. A bit rainy, especially in the evening.Dunno, i live in Asia....u mite not've wanted 2 know dat...but i get 2 points.... selfish me.....depressing!From 60 km away it looks fine - bit drizzly. Light rain/snow predicted for today, but I think the snow is a bit ambitious.well i do not know check on the weather channel.com u'll get whateva u want...
Waterboro, Maine 04087. There is also a Waterboro, New York, but finding a ZIP code for that has proven unsuccessful.. . I am not quite sure what this has to do with San Francisco though.  If Waterboro is the name of a neighborhood, then just go to Yahoo Maps and enter an address.Go to USPS.com there is a link there that will help you find a zip code.
One -Australia.. Good place  :-)). Fairly peaceful, not too many earthquakes, room to move as long as you are not on the road in peak hour..... wouldn't mind visiting Nth America though- wisconsin & canadaI visited hungary a few weeks ago. The city rocks. There are really nice monuments especially the Parlement. Plus if you go there from an european country it's really cheap. I paid 60 euros for the trip from Paris !
I am not sure that Nokia shops will help, But yes local cyber cafes do allow u. There are also many local photo shops that will burn Cds for u. It should be between 100-150 INR ie 2-3 euros.. Also in case u dont find suitable place to get ur cds burned, then go to cybercafes and upload ur photos on snapfish or yahoo photos.. . If u get a reliance internet cafe that will be best cause the provide the best internet speed.I would second what Sagar says about trying the local photo shops. . Also try chain of cybercafes called Satyam iway. Might have some options.
Grayson probably has 4 to 6 streets in total.  You don't need a map.  Just show up, stop at the local Co-op and ask them where you want to go.  In small town Saskatchewan everyone knows almost everything about everyone.Try www.mapquest.com - this site will give you road maps and much more.i would try googleI would advise you to try to use "google earth". It's an easy way to get interesting pictures of everything on this planet. Offcourse, if you want a real map...well i can't help you with that :-). This was pretty unuseful huh!?! :-)
Man, it's March 8 in my part of the world and March 7 in yours. What gives?For the list that includes what time the Spurs Games starts please visit. http://www.nba.com/spurs/schedule/
In an airplane.try KLM airlines. They're a dutch airline I'm fairly sure...
Hurricane season starts in October/November.  I would not go then.it is real nice during the day, but the night maybe a little chilly.  take a light weight jacket and watch out for the hurricanes.  Have Fun! Jamaica is real nice.  This information was given to you by my Husband whom is from JamaicaWonderful, but still an occasional hurricane.I would hold off until at least December to avoid being rerouted by a hurricane.There are still hurricanes scooting around the Carribean in October.  You should wait until November.Hurricaine season - travel at your own risk!touch and go in october.the ports in the southern part of the caribbean should work out well for you. example, aruba, south of the hurricane belt, beautiful constant nice weatherAlways nice and warmwell it always the same weather year round, nice and warm. on less u live where there is hurricane season warningsThe weather is always nice and sunny.  I live in the U.S. Virgin Islands.  Please be sure St. Thomas is on your destination.Wet season, or winter, falls from June to December, which is also the low tourist season(less crowds). Temps usually fluctuate between highs of mid to lower 80's and lows of upper 60's to lower 70's during the "winter" season.  Most of the country experiences about 40 inches of annual rainfall, mostly attributed to short bursts of showers, which usually don't last more than a couple of hours.. .   The biggest problem with traveling to the islands during the winter season are the bugs, which tend to be worse during the rainy season. Vacationers should remember to wear plenty of bug repellent.. .   Hurricane season is during the rainy months, but if you do your research, you can find some islands below the hurricane belt, like Trinidad and Tobago, which are both located below the hurricane belt, and generally experience less storm activity than some of the other islands in the Caribbean.The athmosphere is generally warm and sunny all year round in Trindad and Tobago.However during October to November we have a rainy season.
Its German for 5 cents.. Oh, and they don't use Pfenning (or Marks) in Germany anymore.   Its all Euros.former FIVE CENT PIECE of GERMANYin German funf means five and pfennig means penny so I believe it to be a coin worth five penniesIt's german for 5 pence
It is hot and humid so be prepared, but it is better than the pouring rain I've experienced there in the fall. If your going on vacation, make sure to go to atleast one Broadway show and one cool restaraunt. New York is my 2nd fav place in the world!HOT...but no worries, the theaters on Broadway are air-conditioned.crowded with tourist. but fun if you know where to go. if your into clubs, there usually packed.Sticky, humid and it sucks.  And the beaches are dirty.  Your best bet is to hit Miami.  I used live in NJ/NY and it's nothing like the MIA!  Trust me.
perhaps if u know her name, u can try finding her by her profile on hi5.com. lots of trinidadians have profiles listed thereThis web site is extremely helpful for locating people:. . http://www.nettrace.com.au. . I hope it works for you. Best wishes.u can write a letter to the editors of the local newspapers telling them ur name and the name of the person that you are trying to find. i've seen ppl do that in the newspapers and i guess it works.i'm adding the websites of our local newspapers below..  you can also call directory assistance in trinidad nad tobago and simply ask them to connect you to ms X. once she is listed under her name u should through. hope u find her:)COULD U PLEASE EMAIL ME AT CARAMEL38DEL@YAHOO.COM LETS TALK TO SEE WHICH PART OF TRINIDAD YOUR FAMILY LIVEtry searching on myspace.com
You can do anything you want if you put your mind to it.. . Check the site below, he's been travelling on his own for eight years with little or no money and has gone all over the place.  He's got great tips for budget travel.IN DREAMS OR WITHOUT TICKETyou can try by rolling with your body in the road to all over the world , you'll get famous and rich if you survivehitch a rideRead a book.... Try it, it's amazing!. I'm sure you have money for a book, right?hitch hike and stay in hostels.i have been in the same situation, i didnt have money, but i wanted to go somewhere for important reasons, even out of the usa!!!!  i got a personal loan from the bank and applied for a credit card for any emergencies.  you can do the same thing, and just keep trying different places for loans, if you dont have good credit or established credit it is best not to apply with the bank, just apply with some loan companies.  if you do get this money, just remember that you will have a payment to make every month, and also a good way to establish some credit too, good luck.get a jobjust set out on the road, there are lots of things you can do to make money along the way and find places to stay, you just have to be resourceful, and have big assetsI don't really think you can. Backpack or hitchhike (although not very safe) but you'd still need money.
there still snowing time to time in march. temperature around 0 Celcius, but usually more than 0 in a daytime. in the end of march trees and grass are awaking after a winter, birds are coming back.pretty cool, though estonia is not russiaDon't expect too much sun. It might be a bit chilly as well.
all.5. of the first have gave you the right answer to your question . ?They are used to the water, their systems have built up a natural immunity to the impurities.They have developed a population of intestinal bacteria that are not adversely affected by the contaminants.They are used to it. A friend of mine told me to eat local yogurt when you go to another country to avoid the known consequences. I don't know if it works. :)Because the local people's immune system has adapted over time to the contaminants in the water.They are used to it because they live there. the bacteria in the water is foreign to tourists, but thier bodies have been exposed to it so they are used to it. as a tourist the bacteria is identified as a threat and you make antibodies and get sick.Maybe because they are locals and are used to it...after all, they do end up drinking it on a daily basis whereas tourists are just visiting.their bodies can handle the bacteria in the water.  the body develops an immunity to it.They are amuned to the giardia bacteria that makes you sick when you drink the water. You could become immune over years of drinking the water if you survived it.
Definitely go to the website the previous poster suggested.  That is your first step.  Whether you can become a Canadian citizen depends on many things so there are too many factors to really discuss them here, but your level of education and country of origin are considered.Learn how to spell citizen.
I don't know. Hee hee hee! I got mine overnight from Beverly Hills. EXPENSIVE! Not saying how.Apply for one.  The US postal Service can help you with this.  Call 1-800-ASK-USPS for info on what you will need and which post office in your area has this program.go to your local post office, they sale passports there.
As for the picture, a biometric passport PHOTO is simply a portrait of you from the neck up with your head turned a bit off to the side. Make sure you have a neutral expression. Everytime I had to go to the "Auslaenderbehoerde" or Foreigner's Office as an American in Germany, I just looked for a friendly Turkish person near the photomat and asked them for help - they always knew the ins and outs! :-)A biometrical pic is a normal photo (which you can make at home), from shoulders on. It´s important, that they can see one of your ears, that they are able to identify you, as an ear is individual as fingerprints.I think in some years the pics of the identity cards in Germany have to be biometrical, too. Biometical pics are used to scan striking elements in someone´s face.that have electronic readers that are able to read the chip in the cards and verify information present in the card and on the passport.. . . for more info go to: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biometrics
What is the purpose of this question being asked under Travel/South Africa? . Sorry, just asking!To maximize the efforts of a group of individuals that will therefore learn how to work as a team, under a common leadership and set of rules, in order to reach a common goal.
mention what u need good or bad friends...... i now its a silly question. just go to her and apolagizeReorder your priorities; Relationships are a risk, nothing is guaranteed. Friends are a comfort, but also a risk; they can and often will hurt your feelings, be honest and be direct, leaving no doubt that your friendship is not to be taken for granted
what is lido?It was bulldozed. . But there are other similar markets near by, such as "Gold Street".yeah, what is it. I want to know too
You can find out the time in any location with Yahoo! Search. Just do a search for "location time" (example: "Sydney Time") and the time in that location will show.Here's a cool feature on Yahoo!- search for 'perth time' or any other city in Australia and you should get the current time for that area.I use this site for time diffs:if it is 9 a.m. on Thursday in San Francisco then is it 3 am on Friday in Sydney Australia. So there is 18 hours difference.
Well, you have to apply for the country, not the city. They've got a citizenship test now. The test requires a basic command of speaking, writing, reading and understanding the Dutch language.you need to go to the embassy of your country.  I dont know what country you are from so i cant send you the proper link.  here is the link for my country. They have links that would help you regardless of your country.Go to the Dutch embassy or Consolate in your area and apply
by train, by bus, hire a taxi, by air or simply walk uptill u reach there. . . be more clear in you question .Walk, Run, Train, Swim, Fly   . ........ from whereBy airtravel to delhi from which fcuking place?Take a Walk if u can!!! or a cab or a rick!!! jus kiddin.. U can fly . take a train. once ur in Delhi check in at Ashok Yatri nivas which is near to all places u wanna vist.Most distances are walkable ( not Airport nor is Rail stn!!!) While u r at Del visit Magnificiant TAJ MAHAL at Agra ( Which Mr. Amrcan Presd .Bush missed)
Pack yourself in a box (cut some air holes) and send yourself Federal Express.  Don't forget your passport though.dep[ends where you are,i use to fly with lacsa(costa rican airline) is cheap and good service.Continental Airlines normally best from the US. Transfers through Houston & Newark. Or American through Atlanta or Miami. http://www.americanexpress.com/travel normally come up trumps for cheap tickets. You can fly to either San Jose or Liberia- if you are going to Guanacaste region it works out cheaper to fly to Liberia even though the flight is a bit more. Really, you'll save yourself a lot of hassle, money & time by going dct to Liberia. I wish i did!!have to look on the airlines for tickets at cheaptickets.net or other sites. prices go up and down
Take the BART. there will be the fast and easy way, even you can take from the San Francisco Airport to Walnut Creek now, and there will cost you about %7.00 One Way.. be sure what it the Bart station you need to get offThe BART subway will get you there in 40 minutes.. . The fare from "Civic Center/United Nations Plaza" to "Walnut Creek" is $4.25.The guy who said there's no train station is an idiot, unless he things bart isn't a train.  You can catch bart from downtown at powell street, montgomery street, or embarcadero, and like the other guy said, take the pittsburgbaypoint train or switch at rockridge.  I assure you there's a station in walnut creek, I walked through it yesterday.The best way is BART. If you start from SFO airport, take a train to "Dublin/Pleasanton" then get off at Balboa Park station and transfer to "Pittsburg/Bay Point" train. It will take you to Walnut Creek station.. The ticket is $6.65BART (bay area rapid transit)The B.A.R.T in the airport could take you there.... the trip is very long...first find a station and buy the appropriate ticket.You can't. I live in Walnut Creek, there is no train station.I believe your best bet would be to take B.A.R.T. (Bay Area Rapid Transit).  Would be the easiest and fastest, and more relaxing then driving and sitting in traffic.  Not sure of the cost as I know it's gone up since I was in the 5th grade some 30+ years ago but this would be the so called train.
The transport Info Line is great.  You can speak to an operator and they will tell you everything!. . Phone - 131500You are much better off on the train! It will take 15 minutes and is only 4 stops! I'd take the train definitely!I do it everyday! CAtch a bus from railway square straight down George street to Townhall~ Go to the North Shore platform and its only 3 stops til North Syd!!
the direction in which the dog star(north star faces is the north. it is usually the brightest star in the sky.look at the big dipper "Ursa Major" the last 2 stars in it point a line to the north star. The first one in The little dipper. Point your finger at that star and walk that way.
I don't have anything planned for Spring Break. I will be going to Disney after Spring Break and I am going on Freedom of the Seas after Spring Break as well.Going to SLC Utah tomorrow AM for 3 1/2 days of skiing. Most. of the nearby resorts have almost a 150 inch base and more snow is expected this weekend. Only a 35-40 minute drive from downtown Salt Lake City to 7 ski resorts. Yeee-hah!!!You going to Wally World?That's a lot of people... sounds like more hassle than fun (from a logistics standpoint.) But I'm going to be having lotsa fun in the sun.Im going on a cruise, with a ship with a pool, ice skatting etc..Celebrating my b-day and probably staying at home.Las vegas and san deigoArizonaLOTS OF MASTER*BATE*ING hey you askedWorking!woww that's a crwoded family... we will be chillin out at the beach with friends :o)I don't get a Spring Break, but it sure looks like people in Daytona Beach are having fun.  Atlantic Avenue was packed with breakers yesterday.
Ilha Grande is a lovely island off the coast. You get a boat there from Angra dos Reis, and there's lots of lodgings. You need a few days to make the most of it, including the best part of a day there and back from Sao Paulo including bus and boat - well worth it thoughThe closest beach to S?o Paulo is Guaruja. It takes you 1 hour by car and about 2 hours by bus from S?o Paulo. You can take a bus from "Rodoviaria Tiete" (the big bus station in S?o Paulo.. . Guaruja is popular only because it is close. There are much nicer beaches (for example Ubatuba, Ilha Bela) if you are willing to spend 4-5 hours in a car/bus.. . I suggest Ubatuba. You will really like the place. You can take a bus from Rodoviaria Tiete, but remember, Brazil is not a safe place. Take care.. . /HansJust as a correction note, if you want to take a bus to Guaruja from Sao Paulo, you have to go to Jabaquara Bus Terminal, not Tiete. Guaruja is a nice city, good beaches and very good reputation among the middle class population who flocks the city during summer time and long weekends. Regarding safety issues, you should be cautious like anywhere else.
All roads lead to Rome. So just take one step in that direction, then another step and step by step... you will enter Rome. . . I really don't understand your question.What do you mean?? Rome is easily accessible to lots of people. And once there, its easy to get around to the sights, by bus/train/foot.there isn't door to openget a passport,then a plane ticket
Take I-57 south to I-24.  Take I-24 east through Kentucky and into Tennessee.  I-24 goes through Nashville.Take 80/94 to 65 south to I-24. 65 south goes threw Kentucky.first learn how to spell then i will give you the directions
by going to East Richmond, to the Richmond International Airport and taking a flight out of there.. . Wouldn't recommend it for that short of distance.. The cost and time wouldn't be worth it,. and there is no direct flights.. Best way is to travel by car, Its only about 1 hour driveBy wearing Superman's cape. No, seriously. Don't forget the tights too.By Train.
A large ferry named "The Queen of the North" sank off the coast of northern British Columbia, Canada, on March 24, just south of Prince Rupert. It was capable of holding 700 passengers and 115 cars. 100 passengers and 46 crew members were rescued. 2 passengers are still missing.Yes, but most people are not aware of thatIt had 101 passengers, only 99 were found.
Take a bus. It's only 120 baht or so.Hi,. . Here you can find all information about pattya.. http://www.aandftour.com/pattaya.htm . . Best Regards.... Vineet Koushik. myfirstmall_koushik@yahoo.com
you will have exactly 11 hours and 50 minutes to enjoy the sun in finland today (16 march).. . the sun will rise in finland at 6:35 AM and set at 6:25 PMA day in Finland has the same length as a day anywhere else on Earth: 24 hours.
Roundtrip tickets give the airline more money, so they want to attract people so cheaper. Guarenteed seats mean you are guaranteed a seat on the flight and not lose the seat UNLESS you were really late checking inbecause the company can guarantee to fill the return flight etcDepends on what airline you fly and depends on the season you go.
Okay I will. Canada eh... sounds nice. Good gov't, nice people, beautiful country, not america. Ha.If your paying and have some good work on the other end i bet you i can find you some folks..Er, um, snow, ice, more snow.  Brrr.... Other than that, Canada seems a nice place.  Maybe I'd visit in the summer.I will, as soon as I learn how to say "Aboot."Cause I like it here in the US. . lololol .. I love socrates answer ROFLbecause there's obviously weapons of mass destruction in the snow, making it the United States next targetb/c I like Americatoo cold. . y dont  canadians move to US of Alive in Canada, love to live in Montanai would definitely visit.... ORIGINAL QUESTION!!I living in the most powerful country in the world.Because I don't want to have Canadians nasty accent.the women there look like mooseI would love to live in Canada... I love snow, cold wether... and all landscapes.becuse i really like just living in Texas... but thanx anyway!That's a very good question.  They have free health care there, so I should.I'm planning to, actually.because you have to come to U.S first.i will answer this as if it was a real question, i was born an american and enjoy living in america, if however i ever contemplated moving to a different country, it would certainly NOT be canada, too cold, taxes too high, partly inhabited by snotty french people, if i were to move anywhere outside the US it would be sonewhere warm, where your money goes a long way, like Costa Ricabecause it's cold. and we are americans, darling and if anyone doesn't like it it's their problem.Because it's full of Canadians, thats why......Why not? well, some people like my family have been dreaming for long time to move to Canada and stay there forever (such a nice dream...). However, the conditions are very hard to be reached for foreign people. Like have to pay the money in very large amount. Only very rich people who can do that. Beside, the living cost in Canada is very expensive for foreigners. Because the difference of the currency rates. And the language, too. can you imagine how to live there with poor condition in the first weeks, or maybe years? Different language, expensive living cost, adaptation, etc. That's why not all people move to Canada. . . Some of them dream it. But a few of them can reach it. They are the lucky guys. Not everyone is lucky.Subsidized Health Care!  That's why!
where are you from?  if you're from canada, lots of europe, japan, korea, or a few otheres, you can get a one year work visa simply by applying a paying a small ($140 or so) fee.  if you're from the states, then a business visa is really your only option, unless you get the skills to move there.www.immi.gov.au.  . There you can find everything related to visas.
the pacific northwest is wet and chilly.  It's also a bit breezy.Here in St. Petersburg, Russia it is -3 C and clear.  Pretty nice day actually.it's about 40 deg here ... was 80 deg on monday. . Now I'm sick da mn it!It's cold here and I want to go to the beach!!!!it's pretty cold all over the world. i'm originally from paris, and i check the weather every day. it's pretty cold and windy there, just like here.50 deg here and i'm in colorado..Guess u forgot to mention which world, ur world , my world etcIn Germany 30 kilometers away from Stuttgart we have 4 degrees and rainy weather
You better visit teh website the other answerer posted, but only to get info and a phone number. It'll be best to contact them by phone. I have never had luck getting a response to anyone in the philippines via email.try this site www.livecebu/immigration.htm
You need to give more information ... caregiver in what sense?  And where in Canada????? we need to know more
Honey I'm sure your dad loves you. Maybe if you try to do what you know makes him happy he will show alittle more affection toward you. like do a few extra chores around the house , keep your room clean and ask him what he would like when he is sitting and relaxing. just to show him that you love him and want to please him too. I hope you get some results. Just remember that God loves you and ask him to give you some answers or show you the way. there is nothing more powerful than prayer. I love you and i'm sure a lot of people do .God Bless and I will say a prayer for you.Do what you're told and act responsibly.  Clean your room every once in a while.Sad question, he's probably the issue, not you dear.Your probably loves you very much. I am  sure he is excited to see you grow into a beautiful young women. Find out in yourself what makes you feel like your dad doesn't like you. what does he do to make you feel this way and then try talking to him. I know that can be difficult but some parents can be understanding. I wish you the best of luck.Maybe u could try listening to what he has to say, sometimes dads feel weird talking about certain things, and are not sure how to communicate to their daughters, out of touch so to speak, just be patient with him!!
I am guessing by your name that you are from outside of Europe.  There is a very good chance that you will need a visa.  Depending on your nationality, it could be easy or difficult to get a visa.. . Contact your local travel agent for advice.It depends on :. Your nationality , your money , your time .. When I say nationality , I mean U.K visa , it's easy for some , difficult for others .where r u from? u could go there by aeroplaneCheck if you need a visa, if so get one.. . Call an airline and book a ticket. Easy.You get on an airplane and go thereLearn English.. Get a passport and a visa. . Then book a flight.. Of course you should prepare enough money to survive there.
Austin is a liberal city for the most part, i spent a 12 days in Austin, however in the suburbs where my uncle lives some of the people there are kind of racist,-(they dont talk to you and you live right next door.)  but even there most of the people were nice and greeted you in the morning.. I might even move there and buy a home- you can get a good home for $160,000, instead of going to Houston, were crime is rising fast.-Good luck on your moveAustin's very liberal.i live in austin and its not even noticed. my cuzzin just engaged a hispanic boy after dating a white boy (she loves her a white guy!!) and nobody cares. plus austin has a big gay scene so its not like moving to confederate capital.Austin is an amazing city and welcomes everyone with open arms.  Liberal and loving!If you are going to live in Texas and have an interracial relationship, Austin is going to be the place to do it. Austin is likely the most liberal city in Texas.You'd be moving to the perfect place.  It's very liberal.
Try looking up The Chilkoot Trail.  The Chilkoot Trail, was the most famous route taken by prospectors and would be miners who made their way to the Klondike Gold Rush in the Yukon.within the Yukon Territory; from Whitehorse . they will run from downtown to beyond Braeburn Lodge, from Carmacks a patrol will continue north towards Pelly Crossing, a joint patrol from Pelly Crossing and Mayo will move north towards Scroggie Creek, and the Dawson City patrol will cover from Scroggie Creek north to the border on the 40 Mile River.. . These patrols will check ice conditions on rivers, clear brush and downed trees from the trail, build temporary bridges to avoid water-laden areas, and mark both the Yukon Quest Trail, and any potentially dangerous obstacles that mushers should be aware of.. . The Whitehorse Ranger patrol ran trail from Takhini Crossing (where the Old Dawson Overland Trail meets the Takhini River, about 30 miles outside of Whitehorse) to the Finish Line via the Takhini and Yukon Rivers and reported, "Generally lots of ice. Made a few bypass trails around open water on Yukon. Trail is passable now and should improve prior to arrival of mushers."
How do u go to london for work is the question i take it. Well maby u can fly there.If you are living in NZ, you can:.  . 1. Get a company to sponsor you (difficult). . 2. Get an Ancestry visa (if your parent or grandparent is British). . 3. Get a a 2 Year Working Holiday visa, if under 30 (easier). . 4. Go on a Highly Skilled Migrants Visa (difficult - will usually need more thanuniversity degree, unless you are in medicine or a similar profession). . Be warned - English is spoken in the UK.  And I am judging from your question that you struggle with English.
The weather in Singapore varies between a daytime temperature of 28 to 32 degrees celsius with high humidity. The weather patterns now are for occasional thunderstorms and rain across most of the island.yahoo search weather singaporeVery hot and humid..rainy season has not stopped yet I'd guess.It rained like hell today, although it's sunny most of the time. It's changeable.is been very hot for this two weeks with no rain at all, about 34'cvery hot and humid, sudden rains in the afternoon
Fly. It'll be quicker and probably safer & cheaper. The amount you'll pay in gas alone would equal a plane ticket.you can fly into mexico city, then take a bus to iguala. It's about 2 hrs. from there.you take i44 to oklahoma city then go south on i35 till you run smack dab into mexico
I travelled to Galle, Sri Lanka this past summer and yes, it is obviously cheaper to live there, it is hot and very humid if you didn't know that already. Living is very simple and non materialistic. Obviously the more money you have the bigger house you can afford but shopping, groceries, and restaurants, there is not much to choose from! An amazing country, amazing people but not a place I would choose to live.bad, altogh everything is cheap
There are hundreds of strobe lights attached.  Most of the time, only the regular lights are on, but for several minutes each hour they turn the strobe lights on.  It's pretty impressive.  It's been this way for several years.Hell, why not?  Everyone loves something shiny.There are thousands of bulbs fixed on them. When you connect electricity to a bulb it glows. The glow makes it sparkle.I think it's left over from the millenium celebrations when we had a big countdown clock stuck to it (which didn't work incidentally) - it sparkles every hour and is truly a wonderful sight
I think that if you live up north where you get lots of snow and rain for a good part of the year, a tropical vacation probably is just a welcome change. You can wear shorts and swimsuits the whole time-no stuffy ties and business suits and heels. Most islands are not only warm, but very laid back and slow-paced, after the hustle and bustle of a big city, it would be nice to unwind.For me, it's like going home. I grew up in the Caribbean and the long rainy cold winters can make me feel homesick. I try to go back to the islands every year.I personally don't like tropical vacations, I've always wanted to go somewhere unique like Macchu Picchu or the Valley of the Kings. But I think those kinds of people just like perfect weather and warmth and endless margaritas.Maybe for a change of scenery. It's also a pretty laid back and relaxing place if that's what you want to do. It's a thrilling experience, just like when ppl who live on tropical islands first see snow.To get away from reality and the life of an office or home.. . They feel tropical vacations can make their mind at ease, so they can be more relaxed and don't have to worry about anything.Cuz they like to? Did you expect them to go to Antarctica?
Beautiful place. The resorts on Panglao Island are mostly good. If you're looking for some quite r&r time, this is the place to go [Palawan is good too]. Honestly, Boracay nowadays is somewhat overrated.No. 1 tourist atraction from now on is BOHOL. Boracay is not that good compared Bohol. Boracay is just  a white sand and thats all while BOHOL is too many spots to vist ( church, white sand, little venice, chocolate hills and more more more).Pretty crappy.  The running water isn't in yet.BOHOL IS EXCELLENT,IT'S DEPENDS ON WETHER YOU WANT A QUIET TIME AND TO ME BOHOL IS THE PLACE FOR A QUIET HOILDAY, I LOVED IT COMPARED TO BORACAY WHERE EVTHING IS FAST PACED..
It is only 164 kilometres by train from the Howrah Station ! You'll reach there in less than 4 hours, flat !by train its a 4 hour trip, only 164km.
GoEast to I-95, Turn South on I-95. Bingo, you will see signs to turn off to Daytona. Fun Trip.yahoo maps or mapquestgo online to Yahoo maps.  It should take you right to where you want to go to.
Yeah Atlanta's nightlife has really gone down. Personally, I wouldn't get caught dead in Atlanta at night because there are so many "weirdos" down there.Buckhead isn't as clubby as it used to be, but isn't Midtown still that way?
ci penso means I think. . ci in this case means not usLook at the words that surround what you're trying to decipher.  If you can figure out what is missing from the sentence, or what is needed so it can make sense, that might help you.
hotels are sometimes quite pricy, it depends where you stay, if u stay away from the city, there cheaper.  and actually the streets arent as bad as you think, you just have to follow the flow and cut off to the side to go into a shop, have fun!the same way everyone else gets around. foot.Well, being a NYer, just go on your merry way. Wear flat shoes, make sure you know your destination. Check out hotel prices before hand. Try a website, and confirm it with hotel before going. Just have alot of interesting fun!The subway is the best way to go.  Buy yourself an unlimited metro card.  This will give you access to the trains and buses.  Also, you'll need a subway and a bus map.  They are not easy to find but you can ask the token booth clerk or vist their website at http://www.mta.nyc.ny.us/ . Transit schedules change on the weekend so it's best to call and get an update before you attempt your destination. You'll love New York!!!Learn the subway system...cheap and is actually safer than portrayed.hotels are reasonable traffic can get real bad and its not really crowded in my opinion mostly only on the weekends anyways some hotels are expensive but if you can afford it then hey why not and i would recommend the subway or taxi for means of transportation good luck!!by foot or take a cabGet a segway, they're all the rage!best way to get around is by Train. Just what ever you do. Don't look like a tourist or stand looking up at the skyscrappers. This will label you as a out of towner. If you use a taxi depending what time of day it is you could have a high taxi bill. I would walk or use the traingetting around by foot and subway is what i do when i'm there.Traffic is hella bad..sometimes. Try using the subway, or just walk! Half the fun of the visit is managing to battle the streets. Yay! Have funWell, by foot, bus, car, or trolley.
ho-hum it's an events magazine for tourists to know what's going on in all fields of entertainment and culture. IMO, it's a bit messy and incomplete- I mean, it shows basically the same events etc every time.. . My recommendation is to better get the Zurban, which is the same but a more modern and appealing display, with much better updates and much chic-er places/events. It's one euro so it costs about the same.It's a French guide to what's happening in Paris  - theatre, cinema, music, food etc.Maybe you mean the Futuroscope which is very well know and is actually located in Poitier? It is easily accessible with the TGV (speed train) from Paris.... . http://www.futuroscope.com/index.php. . Have a good stay... . Milan
Check the Canadian Immigration website.  It should give you all the information you need to get started.If you are an American citizen its very easy to get.You have to go through Immigration Canada. Go to canada. gov.cau may visit the canada embrassory in your place...
The first thing you need to do is to get a European travel guide book (Lonely Planet, Fodors... )and chose countries you want to visit. Make a list of things you want to do and places you want to see. Make reservations at a few hostels and hotels, buy a plane ticket, and get a passport. Get travel visas if needed.My ideal itinerary:. Land in Portugal.. Trace up (train or buses)- Spain- France- Italy.. Boat to Greece.. Boat again to Italy.. By train: - Czech republic - Germany - Netherlands -Denmark - Sweden.You can't!!! You would have to take a plane or boat ride firstYou just do. Get a passport. Get a plane ticket. Get a backpack and go.... Oh, some money would help too.... So, what in particular do you want to know????Definitely get a EurRail Flexpass. Sticking to the Major cities by train gives you more flexibility on where and when you travel. Learn German because in most of those country people speak it. Travel through Switzerland by day because it is so beautiful. Try to use the "InnerCity" train lines because they have restaurant cars.I can suggest to fly in London ( Not gatewick airport) and then spend couple days there. From there catch Eurostar to france, balgium or netherland. Form there activate eurail pass and just travel. . . Backpacking is fun and everyone should do atleast once in a lifetime.
More rich .the ports. it used to be about all the cool buildings and variety in waterDubai Shopping festival man!! and duty free that to!. plus its blooming economy..It's being marketed. Billions upon billions of dollars have been invested in the place. It really is becoming an international Disney World.Its one of the best cities which have created an excellent furion of east and west, safe, friendly people, excellent service and very stable, thats some of the reasons why people from nearby often visit since flight conections through emirates airlines is second to none.Dubai is developing itself as one of the major tourist destinations and transportation hubs in the Middle East. There are a large number of world class hotels and resorts in Dubai, including the world's only official seven start hotel. It is also home to an annual golf tournament, an ATP tennis event, and big stakes horse race (the Dubai Desert Classic). Dubai also serves as the base for one of the most highly rated airlines in the world in the form of Emirates air.I think they're the Arab Emirates company that was slated to buy our American sea ports.Because they're ridiculiously rich.  . . They have enough money to put downhill skiing in the desert.The country is so rich because of the coal and other natural resources under the dessert. The Emirates Airline is awesome as well!
You need to go to a travel school.  I attended Carlson Travel academy, but there are many more, just check the internet for travel schools or your local phone book.  The schools run full or part time to fit your schedule and cost about $1500 to 2,000.  The best part is when you are done, they offere palcements and usually agencies will come by to recruit, and/or send vacancy notices.Have fun!i don't know
wee u know wat ? i m planning to start my own business in travel so can we discuss in this way we can both help each other .i m trying web search about how to get started for the same . thanksnot to sure, but try search!
It depends on if your taking it as a carry on item or if you're going to let it get packed w/ all the other luggage. If your going to let it get packed w/ all the other luggage i would suggest that you make or even buy if you would like a little something that you could tie or wrap around your luggage so you can tell if from everyone else.Keep watching it.Make it a carry-on bag and carry it with me everywhere and onto the planehave a your nane and address, phone number... and keeping it in sight if yiu can........pack lightly and bring just bags you can carry on the plane with you. if you cant just bring carry on bags and need to have your bags checked you can also put your name on the outside of the bag and inside also in case the outside one gets lost. also use bright color bags are put a bright color stickers on it or you can pin bright color cloth on it. happy traveling.Buy a long chain and tie it to your belt. So when you move, even your luggage moves. Make sure the luggage has wheels, or you would lose your contents in the luggage by no time.Just watch it well...:)CARRY-ON!
???  I don't understand your question. Do you mean the people? the country? the weather? Let me tell you something. . Mexico, the country, is mainly tropical. The Tropic of Cancer imaginary line crosses exactly at the city where I live, Mazatlan, in the West coast of Mexico. The City of Mexico, the capital, has a different story. It is located at more than 7 thousand feet of elevation. That's why Mexico City is usually colder than the rest of the country. The South is tropical jungle all the way to Guatemala. The North is usually drier and hotter than the rest. So when you mentioned Mexico I think you were thinking in Mexico City, not Mexico, the country, Am I right?It isn't.. . Depends on where you are and the Season I imagine...Mexico, for the most part, isn't cold. I cant think of where you are that would make you think Mexico is cold.it changes all the time and u might not ever know it.Mexico cold? I'm sure you never been to Mexicali in the summer, where the temperature gets 115.. The Pacific Coast is very hot, too. I want to think that you mean Mexico City, not the country.Because your there.
That's it exactly. They lay their eggs in standing water. More rain equals more standing water equals more mosquitos.Mosquitos need water to lay their eggs in. When it's rainy there are more puddles and still water. This stagnate water is the best place for mosquitos to live.Mosquitos lay their eggs in water.  The rainy season literally provides mosquitos with a large breeding ground, so you end up with a lot of mosquitos.It is because rain is merely a form of precipitation. And when this precipitation reaches the earth, there is a gret tendency for it to be stuck-up in containers where it will stay for a period of time. Mosquitoes breed in water. Hence, the will lay these eggs in such stagnant water and the life cycle of the mosquitoes will take place. Hence, the rate of breeding becomes higher.
These are coordinates for a type of coordinate system used for maps.. . They can be converted to latitude and longitude.Northing and Easting are the co ordinates used to define the location of a point. They are very much like the X & Y co  ordinates on simple graph.. Northing is position of an object in longitudinal direction and easting is position in lateral direction
It depends where you are travelling. In Australia, RSVP is a very popular dating sites. There are others in other places.on all kinds of websites with location of the place you're currently in; yahoo personals just an example... and local pubs & clubs surely... good luck!
12 -15 hours depending on the airlines. You'll lost a day travelling there and gain a day travelling back.(8hrs time different)A flight will take around 12 - 14 hours direct to KUL, but most airlines fly from Heathrow and may or may not stop over at Dubai. A stopover takes typically 1 hour.This flight will typically be 12 hours direct. But some airlines will give you a stopover in places like Dubai, and this will lengthen the journey to maybe 24 hrs. You will pay from £500 upwards. Kuala Lumpar is a an amazing airport and you should love Malaysia - I did 5 years ago.
Being a dive instructor, you ought to feel right at home with Snorkel Bob's. They are the largest franchised dive shop on the islands and all divers are certified. You'll get a chance to meet her instructor(s) and judge for yourself if they and their equipment meet your standards.I use Ocean Concepts. They are really nice and cater mostly to the military. I think their prices are a little more expensive than some of the Japanese shops downtown, but I'm not looking to save money when my life is on the line. They have several locations and do classes and tours.
There are road routes between Qatar and the UAE.  But they will be typically empty and mostly through desert (but beautiful desert).. . Make sure your car is good and you pack water and food, just in case.  But realistically there will be trucks, cars, everyone, going on the same road.cmon gomideast it's safe and every 100 k there's a gas station. just follow the signs and you will be in dubai in 7 h if you're driving speed around 140 k/h
There is Freeways in the City and county of Honolulu (Oahu Island)that are part of the Interstate highway system Interstate H-1 from Barbers Point to Diamond Head, H-2 From Pearl Harbor to Wahiwa and H-3 from The Aloha Stadium to Kaneohe Bay. They are funded by the government as they were intended to connect military bases together as the Eisenhower defense highway system Later designated the Interstate highway system.Why do we park in driveways and drive in parkways?The money for them comes from Federal funding from the U.S. government
It usually gets around 80-90. Pretty warm during that time of year.I live about 30 minutes from Orlando, and spend a lot of time there. In May the temps get pretty warm (sometimes hot) however, the humidity hasn't gotten too bad yet, so it's a tolerable time of year. It is also before the rainy season kicks in.It's HOT.
I guess this is what you are looking for:. San Francisco Transbay Terminal, or simply Transbay Terminal, is a transportation complex in San Francisco, California located roughly in the center of the rectangle bounded north-south by Mission Street and Howard Street, and east-west by Beale Street and Second Street. Currently, it serves long-distance buses and transbay buses from San Francisco north to Marin County, east to the East Bay, and south to San Mateo County. Its largest tenants, in addition to San Francisco's own Muni, are Golden Gate Transit, AC Transit, SamTrans, and Greyhound Bus Lines.transbay means= crossing the bay. bay transportation
Puerto Vallarta is a very fun place to go. I went there about two months ago with my family and we rented a Villa that was simply gorgeous! But if you go I would go to Conchies Chin-as; thats where there less people ,but it is  still a beautiful beach and its more calmer.I loved it there. My boyfriend and I stayed at the "TROPICANA". It is NOT in the Tourist area, but that is what we loved about it. If you decide to stay there look for a little shop that sells Frozen Chocolate cover Bananas and Strawberries with coconut. DELICIOUS!!!! It's Near "TROPICANA" right on a corner. Very nice place to vacation.I went to The Marival. It was an amazing place to say if you are planning on staying at a resort. We had to take a few buses into town and let me tell you, it was an experience. It was one of the most craziest vacations of my life. In town we were on a bus with a blind man singing with a radio trying to get money. In town, I fell down some weird stairs and ended up spraining my ankle. The streets and side walks are very uneven. It was more of an adventurous place than a relaxing one.Our clients love it and the best part is that hurricanes don't generally affect the Mexican Riviera.WE stopped there on a cruise and went on a tour on the city and I didn't see anything I would want to go back there for.  I didn't like the looks of the beaches; vs those in Cabo and in Cancun.  I think the place is overrated.Puerto Vallarta is a great place to go.  Personally,  I prefer staying around the Los Arcos hotel, its a little bit south of downtown.  Mismaloya is beautiful and great for diving and snorkelling.  My parents stay in Cayulita every year for the winter.  Its north of Puerto Vallarta and a good place to surf.
In Greece, tree trunks are painted white for two reasons. Firstly, it repels insects. Secondly, many Greek roads aren't well lit and painting trees white is a way of improving lighting as they reflect headlights. These reasons would apply elsewhere as well.It's not the colour, but the layer of paint seals off the bark and protects the tree from insects and other burrowing critters that might kill it.TRUNK PAINTING for BARK PROTECTION . . White latex paint applied annually to tree trunks helps protect against killing of cambium or bark from sudden temperature changes in late fall and winter. Painting the lower trunk makes it easier to detect insect borer infestation, and may deter them. Addition of rabbit repellent to the paint protects young trees from bark stripping by rabbits during the winter. . . To make trunk paint, mix one gallon of white interior latex paint into 4 to 5 quarts of water. Do not use oil-based paint. If needed, add rabbit repellent as per the label directions. . . Mix these well, and pour the final mix through a nylon stocking to filter out lumps that would clog the sprayer nozzle. Hand-pump backpack sprayers work well for application. . . If protection from rabbits is not needed, omit repellent from the mix and spray only the south half of the trunk and lower scaffolds. It is only the lower parts of the tree exposed to warming by sunlight that need protection of the reflective paint. For best weather resistance, latex paint should be applied during mild (50oF or higher) dry weatherI come from a tropical island, Mauritius, very beautiful island.  I can assure you, I've never seen trees painted in white there.  Where have you seen such a thing?
They are traditional in the way they dress. They don't use tropical colours, they like to follow European fashion.they like minimal clothing. you could remove all your clothes in the plane and go to the immigration: such people are not checked at all and are welcomed
A little history lesson here. Checked on tidbits about Japan and the Philippines between and after WWII.Unfortunately, non-Japanese Asians are often looked down on in Japan.
The only 24 hour English stations in Seoul are CNN, AFN (Amerian Forces Network), and Discorvery.  Aririang tries real hard, but when it comes to programming it's bad, it's essentially a foregin language (mainly English) Korean propaganda machine.  Various Korean stations show sports, and if for example, MBCESPN is showing a feed from ESPN, you can usually hear the American announcers in the background if you can tune out the Korean guys.  Worse comes to worse you can get a dish with Sky Sports on it, check out the Korea Times newspaper for an advertisement.I only no AFN, cartoon network, and Discovery channel. I only watch these in South korea. I live in korea, and I am korean. I'm only 14, so I don't really no much channels. i only watch these 3.There have been a rash of recent advertisements in the Gangnam area of Seoul surrounding new "western", (their word), intensive sattelite dishes.  A satellite dish is the best if your serious.  Other than that, you will probably have a limited number of cable company choices based on your place of residence.  Good luck.  . PS. You should specify the sport--allow some of us nice internets to do a little research for yah!first, i'm Korean.. i live in south Korea.. and i have been to aus. . the main discorses are this . . We have a lot of chanal in Korea.. . arirang chanal is the representative chanal that for english's culture foreigner.. . and we can observe CNN that the most popular News in the whole world.. . i sometimes watch  FREINDS, HOLLYWOOD NEWS in my living room during my spare time. . oh...To writing english is too hard to me       (??) . . if you wanna more know about Korea . don't hesitate ask me.. . Please let me teach you      ha ha ha ha (^.^). . i'll give you plenty of knowledge and culture about south korea.. . . yjsman@hotmail.com
if you are under medical care you should be able to approach the u.s consulate in china and explain your circumstances. As long as you have proof of your illness.There are companies in China that will "get" you any visa type/extension/renewal that you need. I just changed from a student X visa that ran out to an L for a month and then will get a 6 month F. . . I found this company in the classifieds of "That's Shanghai," website an expat publication. If you're not in a first tier city it may be more difficult to find a company that does this. They're not really that cheap, but you don't ever have to leave the country. Search the web for expat publications in your area and you should find a company that provides visa services.. . At worst, if your health permits, you can take a trip to HK and get a new 3 month L-visa and then renew two more times.simple.. go to the embassy...
I believe the Seychelles are in the Indian Ocean. The temperature probably doesn't vary much. The amount of rainfall would be the only seasonal difference.nice, . Being near the equator about 400 miles off the coast of Kenya, it is a tropical island.
Very hot and humid.  Not far into the rainy season, but getting close.  It might rain every third day or so.Hot, showers sometimes in the afternoon, often sunny.Chance of relative humidity (that's when you and your sister are too close)and an occasional tsunami.very hot , no wind at all. make sure you stay in the air-con's room
I would like to help you but your question isn't very clear. St. Lucia and the UVI are two different Islands. Secondly, where are you flying from.delta,airjamaica,....i dont know all of them but theres a lot ***by the way st.lucia is B.W.I***
LOL... HAVING GROWN UP IN FLORIDA I CAN SAY THIS MUCH HONSTLY.  GET A ROOM WITH AN AIR CONDITIONER!  IT'S HOTTER THAN HELL AND THE HUMIDITY IS ENOUGH TO CHOKE YOU.  CARRY PLENTY OF INSECT REPELLANT AND SUN SCREEN.It's hot and humid.It's hot hot hot and humid humid humid.  . . Also, in the Tampa Bay area, there is usually a thunderstorm every day at around 3pm.  So during the morning, it's hot.  Then it storms.  Then it's a steam room.  Still hot, and all the rain that fell during the storm starts to evaporate and you sweat.  And you sweat.  Get a good AC!!Well, the actual temperature will depend on what part of Florida you are going to. But you can guarentee that it will be hot, really hot. If you are planning to go around the Orlando area I would definitely think of going during a different time. This is when kids are out of school and it is so hot, the combination of the both can make it pretty miserable. I find the spring time and fall/winter months to be the nicest time of the year. But if you don't like hot weather, really hot weather, I would consider going somewhere else or going at a different time.. . I included a link for you to see the averages for tempterature. The one I have is for the Daytona Beach area, but you can change it and choose the area you will be in.. . Hope this helps!Nice weather of you go to Key West,Fl. The weather is always great.. . Click on the weather forcast link below to see.hot hot hot(humid as well)The weather is like warm and dry with cool breezes!!!
Because in a in air situation commercial aircraft are too high up to think about bailing out.  If you could manage to bail out the air would be too thin and most likely would freeze your lungs.  On top of that there would be no way you could evacuate 160+ passengers quickly and effectively in that kind of event.try the internetNot enuf room and passengers would not have the slightest idea how to use them.  You would have better luck of surviving if you went down with the plane than you would have by jumping out of one at 30,000 feet up.  If you were not blown to bits the minute the door was opened, being sucked into the plane's engines would do it.Because it would wind up killing more people than saving. How many people know how to work a parachute? Not many. How many children know how to work one. By the time you even got it on the plane would be down. And lets face it, would want to jump out of a plane that high up. Especial over water?Expensive and they could be tampered with and not do you any good anywayI read the best answer yet! It was posted by "Peaceful"!because the seats don't need a parachute. they always go down with the plane. :)Under that panic attack that everyone would be having it would not work anyway. For another it's too cold at that altitude. Another good reason that is meer speculation is that some idiot upon the slightest bit of turbulance would grab the chute and open the door killing everyone.what they saidBecause people don't know how to operate them!!  And, commercial planes are much different than planes you can jump out of with parachute.For many reasons.  A person would never have time to put one on even if it had been rehersed.Aside from the sub-zero temperatures and thin air, consider this scenario.. . The first person to successfully strap-on his parachute runs to the nearest exit and pops the hatch.. . Everyone else, who is no longer wearing a seatbelt because they are reaching under their seat for a parachute, gets sucked out of the airplane when the hatch opens and the cabin decompresses.. . One survivor.  Several hundred splats.  Many on the ground may be killed by the several hundred splats.. . Better to have everyone ride things out in the tin can.I do not know what the reason would be of not installing parachutes on airplane seats; however, I believe that you have a great question here and a few good reasons down below.. The idea of 'ejectable parachute seats' may have some merit; however, the cost to the airline industry may be forbidding.  If this could be achieved all commercial air liners would have to be redesigned in order that the seats and the passenger would 'eject' spontaneously and safely out of the bottom of the aircraft. The idea may seem far fetched but in my opinion may be a solution to tragic deaths that may be avoided by the proper applications to airline transportation systems.  Jose1. It would cost too much. . . 2. Some idiot would commit some act of terrorism by opening his chute on the plane.Because people wouldn't be able to jump out since the jets today travel around 500 m.p.h.  Anyone jumping out would be knocked unconscious by the force of the wind.There are many, many reasons, many of which are economic.  I will stick with functinal reasons.. . 1) In the event that you would have to bail out, commerical airliners are not configured to allow you to do this safely . . 2) Getting a parachute out from under a seat and onto the bodies of terrified passengers during an emergency is too difficult to contemplate.. . 3) Getting people to put the chutes on right is a huge challenge, much less teach them to deploy them after correctly exiting the aircraft.  . . 4) Ever see a child-sized parachute?. . 5) Would you fly on a commercial aircraft that carried parachutes for its passengers?...not exactly a vote of confidence.. . 6) let's say you bailed out at 30,000 feet at 600 miles per hour (yeah right), how doyou get enough oxygen to avoid blacking out?  Stay warm?  Float in the water one you land?They don't put parachutes underneath airplane seats cause it costs a lot of money, you won't be able to jump out of the airplane at the hight that it flies, and they don't feel like it.Because not everyone..(probably none of the passengers)...knows how to parachute safely.Are you kidding?  The airlines can't even afford to provide peanuts.  No way they're buyng parachutes!Because to use parachute properly can only people who studied how to do it. Do *you* know how to jump out of the plane with parachute?Simple, they want you to DIE!. . . ...I'm not sure, but I think you should pay attention to what the other people said...To high weigh alot and cost alot i would say!!! Plus people would be scared to jump.because passengers don't have a clue how to use a parachute even if they could survive at all in the thin and cold atmosphere at 35000 feetIt would be uneconomic and a complete waste of time.Common people like you an I dont know how to use one, we dont even know how to put one on. So it would be a completely useless waste of money for the airlines.In addition to the other reasons:. . 1 - Did you ever see a windbreaker that had been stored for a long period of time without use?  It's stiff.  The parachute won't deploy.. . 2 - You could hit the wing, get sucked into the . jet/propeller.. . 3 - If you open the hatch, it will suck the other passengers out before they're ready - in addition to depressurizing the plane and rendering them unconscious.. . 4 - So many people rushing towards the exit will all jump at once and become tangled in each other's parachutes.. . 5 - Rescue is difficult if the group is spread out, which they would have to be in order to depart the aircraft at such high speeds (without stalling) safely.Do you know how to use a parachute???All these people have made excellent points...freezing your lungs, thing air.  The controversial issue of parachutes for children.. . I would just like to state the obvious:. . Where would you put your liquor stash if the seats have parachutes stuffed underneath?not enough room! already the economy class is sooo tight. they should take away the lifejacket too :)i dont know but that is a good ideaCOST,POSSIBLE LAW SUITS,AIRCRAFT WEIGHT WILL INCREASE WHICH WILL REDUCE PASSENGER CAPACITY,AND PANIC,WHEN A SAFE JUMPING ALTITUDE WAS ATTAINED 99%OF THE PASSENGERS WOULD BE SO FRIGHTENED THAT THEY WOULD NOT TO BE ABLE TO RECITE THERE ENTIRE NAME WITH ANY COHERENT CAPACITY LET ALONE HANDLE STRICT MANEUVERS,IN SHORT IT IS ALL ABOUT THE MONEY!you cant jump out of a plane at 30.000ft. if your not trained it probably wont do you any good.. id rater see air bags... the way planes go down i dont know why they even put in life vests...i mean like "splat"!would you jump at 40000 ft dahhh @600 mphbecause if there was a parachute under there where would you stuff the annoying kid that keeps kicking the back of your seat, since you already put your things in the over-head compartment, under the seat is the only option left.I dont know but I DO know why there are no complaint departments at the parachute factorys. heehee..How can Yahoo make a question which does not comply with their own rules "featured question"maybe because it would be easier to get it from ahead then from under. also it could damage your head if you are going down...well thats just my opinion.Cruising speed for most commercial airlines averages 530mph. You'd have to reduce your airspeed so much that you'd run a risk of stalling the engines, and the altitude would be a problem as well. The cruising altitude is between 29,000 and 38,000 ft.  The air is very thin at that altitude and like the gentleman stated above your lungs would freeze from the sheer cold at that height.They should becaues if they could save 1 human life it is so worth ithow about.. why doesnt an airplane have its own big emergency parachute, so no one would even bother to panic and even put on their own lifejackets.as stated by a few others, simply the aircraft travels too fast and too high to bail out. Nothing to do with economics or family compensation (?).it can't because the floors of the plane don't fly open and nor does the top of the plane so we could be shot out and fly.When you jump out of an airplane for skydiving the plane is flying level to the earth. If you needed to jump out of a normal flight, chances are the plane is plunging towards the Earth. As you jump out of a plunging plane (or any commercial jet) you would be sucked into the engines and the people in Denver don't want to feel human rain. Unless, do you like being sucked into the engines and shredded to bits?They don't put parachutes underneath airplane seats because the don't want the pilot to leave the airplane.its so high up the air is so thin you wouldn't get enogh oxygen.it would also be costly for the airplane company. your body also wouldn't be used to the sudden change in pressure and altitude(airplane cabins are pressurized) i think your lungs wouldnt handle it and you'd diebecause by the time you put it on,the plane would have crashed1.It will cost too much.. 2.They will have to train passengers to use them.. 3.There are too many factors to think about such as height,speeds,wind and direction.. 4.It will cause even more panic than usual when emergency occurs.at the speeds (and altitudes) that commercial aircraft fly at it would be lethal to attempt to parachute - so none are provided!. Buffet from the air on leaving the aircraft would hit you like a train.. Lack of oxygen at 36000 feet (higher than Mt. Everest) would mean that oxygen supplies would be neededImagine 160 parachutes all tangled thousands of feet in the air...nuf saidIf the plane were going down, I'd be happy to wait until it were low enough to jump out safely.. . One reason why no parachutes are provided, is that if the cabin decompressed, and someone was stupid enough to open their parachute when still inside the plane, the chute could open behind the plane.... . 535mph to 100mph in ten seconds!. . Maybe one big parachute COULD be designed into future aircraft - have to be a big one though.. . I can here Homer saying something in the background at this point..Everyone has to die one day. So what's the big deal?Probubly the same reason they don't have seatbelts on the bus.Going by the above answers, assume that the 'plane is full of experienced parachutists wearing parachutes and thermal clothing (and oxygen tanks?). Also assume that the doors are open or can be opened.. . Now we have removed most of the noted problems, answer this question:. .    Would there have been any more survivors from previous crashes if they had these parachutes?Installing parachutes underneath airplane seats creates only chaos and disaster among passengers. It will also trigger fear and nervousness to many.i don't know. thats a very good question. i will try and e-mail an airline and see iwhat kind of anwer they give me.maybe they think that the weight of the parchutes under the seats will make the plane to heavy.I would think that the engine would suck you in??????Inorder to make stupid quetions come from poeple how know nothing.First of all, the lion's share if mishaps occur either on take-off or landing... Very few incidents occur when the plane is at altitude.... . Second, what are the chances the average Joe getting on an airliner would be able to competently strap on and use a parachute?  Pretty low I would guess.. . Third, you would pretty much need straight and level flight to bail out of a plane... So if the plane is straight and level, that implies it is still flyable on some level, ergo it may still be able to land safely.. . Then of course there is expense, liability, altitude, speed, temperature, etc.because your usually way to high up to jump,and even if you were not,theres no way you could get over a 100 people out of a plane on time,plus ya have to know how to use one..Logical answers are as follows-. -Commercial airplanes doors are not designed to jump out!!. -You can never be able to open doors with that kind of wind pressure!! from the opposite direction.Even motorized doors will fail to open!!. -You can NOT jump from the height the airplains fly at!!-You will freeze to death!. - NOW On the lighter side-- Tell me one thing-even if you made it safe to the ground ,WHAT WILL YOU DO WITHOUT YOUR BAGGAGE WHICH IS LEFT BEHIND!!??Because all airlined never think there plane will crash.  Plus if the plane does go down you probably don't have enough time to put the parachute on and jump out.They expect you to bring your own.They could make a reality one episode show of that.  I'd watch that just for kicksBecause they're too expensive.I agree with Amorican!!!!!!!!1It is also too expensive for that kind of investition.There is no need for that kind of parachutes.People should be safe when they arrive at the airport.What if your going over ocean? If you were to get off the plane where are u going to go? What if you landed in North Korea?. you know certain planes have boats/rafts. Why don't they have hot air ballons going ? Also parhute isn't effect because the altitude where u jumpoff from u are gonnaneed a oxygen mask and proper clothes and parchute so you won't be crahing into the white houe by a parchute failure over 100 miles per hour.1. They have emergency procedures on passenger planes, that don't use but could be helped by parachutes.. 2. They don't think the average passenger knows how to use a parachute.. 3. They don't use ejector seats.No one will read my answer, but It is because the air locks on a plane are imposible to open while in flight. Only superman could pry the handle open and well he just doesn't exist.i'd have to agree with capn_cracker....i would be too scared to jump out anywaymost people would kill themselves anyway because they have no clue on how to use one.  they would pay out alot of money with every little positive outcome.most airlines would rather put the money into things that would have a better impact on safety# 1 a parachute would not fit under the seat. # 2 parachuting requires a learned skill. # 3 most people would not jumpBesides the reasons above.... . It's really hard to imagine a commercial airline crash in which a parachute could really do any good. Seems like most crashes take place near the runway -- not enough time to put on a parachute, or enough altitude to make it work anyway. If an airplane breaks apart at high altitude (tremendously rare) then I think everybody would pass-out due to lack of oxygen before they had a chance to put on a parachute. . . The only situation that I could think of in which a parachute would be useful would be if a flight had engine or landing gear problems, and a low-altitude bail-out would be possible (Look-out cows!) Of course, if you're on an MD-88 with rear engines, you'd have a significant hazzard! Can't imagine how long it would take everyone to get their chutes on and bailed-out. . . Let's face it -- commercial airline flights are very safe. Not sure parachutes would help anything.Besides the obvious reasons,are you willing to pick up the tab?there is no room for parachutes under the seats.I don't know but they should. I saw that you got a comment saying that the airplane is too high up. Well this is true but I feel in an emergency situation they could at least go down to 15,000 feet so that way we would have a chance to at least try. I definitely think they need to make more safety features for airplanes because when you are on a place you cannot go anywhere except down and usually people die .it wouldnt help people either:. A) the plane would crash over an ocean and the parachute wouldnt help. B) the plane crashes over land. C) even if they did land over land most people on the airplane would ahve no idea how to work a parachute and they would be no help at all and just a big waste of alot of moneyNot very comfortableso when the plane crashes you can survive.The odds of you dieing in an aircraft crash are very low. You stand a better chance of getting killed in an automobile so why don't they put ejection seats and parachutes in cars? Answers is the same your odds of dieing in a car crash are very low too. Now getting run over is a different story so wrap your self in bubble wrap at all times!Because they have to balance the plane. Passengers are already positioned there and it'll become too heavy if they put parachutes under it. Also that's why they put it somewhere that could be easily take by the passengers in case of emergencies.Because the cost for an airline of installing and maintaining parachutes under each seat of every airplane is greater than the cost of loosing an aircraft, potentially loosing some market share, and settling with victims' families. Sad.Let's scale it down to basics shall we?  In the event of a major air catasrophe, all you really have time to do is quickly beg God to take pity on your poor soul.Maybe your back'll break.Because a very small number of passengers are sky divers.i think thats a very good question,and i think they should.Not an expert but take this on a lighthearted note.. .    Would you be as accepting of a flight that did offer parachutes, as opposed to one that didn't in their assumed or practical safety history?. .    Would you take a bus that occasionally asked its passengers to get out and push?. .    Would you know how to use a parachute in a freefall caused by any disaster, and have the ability to climb over the other 300 people in the same situation?. .    Transportation on any level is a risk. Yikes I could twist my ankle walking to my mailbox..    Study statistics and I believe you will find, in total, less people have failed to get where they are going by flying, than those commuting on any Interstate Highway system.. . Rev. Stevenbecause your chances of surviving from a crash is better than jumping off a plane wearing a parachuteAs mentioned before, skydivers require proper training ahead of time, and the pilot is instructed to fly the aircraft level and at a certain altitude, and there is a small window of opportunity where it is safe to jump. There is also a specific range of time within which one must open the parachute, which most passengers will forget during a time of panic.. . Commercial airlines do not have the money or time to stock planes with so many parachutes and train all passengers ahead of time in their proper usage, even if the conditions were ideal for using them. In an emergency, the conditions would not be ideal.. . Also, the military is properly trained, and like mentioned before as well, the planes are equipped with ejector seats, since it cost enough time and money to train those pilots in to perform their specialised tasks that they would not want to risk losing his life. Equipment can be rebuilt, however costly, but people cannot be as efficiently trained to make up for the loss. Sadly, according to the "good of the nation," the life of a specialist in the military is monetarily worth a lot more than the average civilian.. . Also, consider the security risk. Besides the accidental "user errors" of the passengers in the event of somebody opening the door mid-flight or simply not knowing how to open the 'chute, there's a possibility of terrorism that I don't believe has been mentioned yet.. . During ascension, when the plane is not yet too high up in the air, and there is smaller risk of being sucked into the engine, a terrorist could easily plant a bomb on the plane or kill a pilot and then bail out. I have a friend who is not afraid of heights but afraid of flying because he's an extreme control freak. He's bungee jumped and skydived before, and he wanted to bring his parachute on-board, but hte airline wouldn't let him because of this possible security risk.because of the time, and time = money :DHumans could not parachute out of a comercial airliner.the average speed of the plane is about 300 to 500 miles an hour so you would be torn to pieces, not a pretty sight .Comercial airliners fly at an average altitude of 30,000 ft. the air is so thin at that altitude that the average person wouldn't survive,not to mention that you would probably freeze to death at that height in your street clothes. the average civilian is also not trained to parachute out of any plane not to mention a Jet.could you imagine a plane full of pannicked people ,untrained and unprepared jumping out of that plane . Isure dont. Hey Maybe that would make the next great disaster movie Just remember i've got dibbsit's probably 2 expensive to get good ones, and if they get crappy ones then ppl r gonna die, and they don't want that either. life jackets are good enough though because like 99% of planes don't crash especially in waterthese pple arent getting the point.though its an idea even i used to wonder abt. ppl saying jumping from 30000 ft etc and lungs freezing. u dont have to jump from 30000 ft, every one jumps from say 10000 ft an d every one sits with parachutes on. howdy. amanufacture simpl parachutes which open by just cliking a button howdy 2bcoz it's costly and u may take it when u get down from the planebecause, although it may sound like a good idea, 90% of people would need hours of training to feel confident enough to jump out of a plane using a parachute. In a situation where an emergancy parachute jump is necessary, you don't have the time to train passengers. Good idea in theory though.do you think you would have time to do that when the plane is going to crash,no way man$$$$$$ the all mighty dollar!. Plus how many people would look thereI think the primary reason is cost and space.The extra weight would cost too much in terms of fuel, and the plane should be maintained with (this will work) mentality. It's rigorously tested on ground.What the parachutes will do..jump from the airplanes..
Difference is 8 hours.. Currently, St. Louis is 9:30 pm, and Barcelona is 5:30 am.other one is wrong.  it's 7 hours ahead.  most of western europe, other than brittish isles, are 7 hours ahead of central time.
They paint the river.. . http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&ncid=1756&e=3&u=/060311/ids_photos_ts/r3217516013.jpgdye the lake green,get drunk,and have paradesThey have a parade and dye the Chicago River green.OK, they don't dye the lake green or paint the river.  They DYE the RIVER green.  They also get really drunk.  I mean REALLY drunk.I'm from Chicago.  We have two big parades here, one downtown I believe and the other on the South side.  We also dye the lake greem.
Check in time means,they prefer you waited till 1pm. They are cleaning rooms and such ,and they want the room to be ready. You check in after 1pm. If  you have a reservation and charged it then it is yours and they cannot rent it out.Just to keep people moving (and not waiting in line at the desk) hotels stagger check-out and check-in times.  If check in is at 1 then they prefer if you arrive at 1 or later.  Make sure your reservation is guaranteed for late arrival if you won't get in until late in the night.. . Some hotels will accommodate you if you arrive early by giving you an available room, or by storing your luggage until check-in time.. . Check out time is not so flexible.  If you stay after the time you will be charged for the extra time, usually on a per hour basis.Time that your are allowed in the Hotel. This was invented to max Hotel earning and minimize costumer confort...Should not be conpulsory check in times... people like you should be able to check at arrival, but then Who is regulating Hotels......MONEY!!!. I will request an early check in time or drop them!!You can check in from that time onward. However, if you're going to be late find out how long they hold onto a room before renting it to someone else. Also if it's a smaller hotel they might lock up in the late evening leaving no front dest clerk until the next morning. Check on how they handle late arrivals so you can still get in.check in time is after 1.00 pm.. how ever if the hotel has rooms available, they may let you check in earlier.. you have to check in after 1.00 pm and ensure until what time they will hold the room for you. with a credit card guarantee, the hotel would normally hold room for you until next morning.
This will be tough.  You need to get the job before you get there, and your sponsor/employer will have to do the paper work.. . If I were you, I'd call up the person in charge of the embassy program and find out exactly what the salary and living condition situation will be.  Maybe they'll have some ideas.You will need to contact the Spanish embassy nearest you, or on line.   I believe you will need someone to sponsor you, as I was once going to defect to Gran Canaria, Spain, and that's what I was gonna do.  It may be different for a college kid though...check it out.I've heard that it is hard for non-EU citizens to get work permits in the EU unless you have a skill no one else in Europe has. It is worth a try though. Go to the embassy or try to secure a job first. Look on the internet for jobs in your city.
wow its a good thing you posted. I mean there are hundreds of people just lining up to answer. So I would guess a boat load of money followed by some planes, followed by a boat load of money, followed by some bribes, followed by a boat load of money.No ides, wish I knew! Thanks for the points. I'll do some research and try to find out.
It's the distance between seats. It's measured from the back of a seat to the back of the seat behind.It is how far they tilt backward.
Unless you're going to a formal dinner, meeting or church where you would have to dress up, you can go casual pretty much all the way. . When its hot, and it usually is, unless it's raining or night time in February, it's not a dry heat, but a humid heat. I would suggest light clothing, tank tops, shorts, and whatever else it would take for you to keep cool.I wear white pants and mostly black short sleeve print collared shirts, and flip flops or Bruno Magli slip ons with no socks. Oh, Im a man though, so think what would match well with that. "Dress Casual" all the way. St. Lucia is a nice place...
Chevrolet, or Chevy for short, is a brand of automobile, now a division of General Motors. It is one of the most popular GM marques. For 2005, Chevrolet outsold its main domestic rival, Ford, for the first time in 19 years, making it once again the top-selling marque in the United States.first car was unveiled on november 3rd 1911.The best pickup trucks in the world!!!!!!!!!A brand of automobile which is a division of General Motors.carIt's the brand that made my Z28, wanna race?Chevrolet is a car.
SHORT ANSWER  :. Life is to be the result of the one single sperm that won the race out of 200 -600 million other sperm who lost.. We are here to make use of the chance we have been given to enjoy life to the maximum and also to be charitable to those who can't."Always look on the bright side of life..." lol...you may hate it or love it, it's a coin toss, that's life a coin toss...and soooo much more....Life is for living and YOU are only here because you are sad and lacking in something.  Otherwise you wouldn't put out so many desperate messages.Life is all about smoking, drinking, screwing, playing, partying, working, raising children, having fun, meeting people, going to fundraisers, attending church, voting for corrupt politicians, etc. We're here, because God (and our parents) saw fit to put us here on this Earth, but if you mean why are we on Yahoo! Answers? Well we're here because . . . because . . . well because we are that's all. We enjoy asking questions, answering questions and making total fools out of ourselves by showing other people what we know and what we don't know and earning points for our efforts.We are here to watch TV and laugh at George Bush and Saddam's idiocy.  Oh and to screw off in Yahoo Answers.yes indeed. life is not a yahoo answer2 c if we go 2 heaven or hellLIFE IS AN PATH WAY.Life is a trial. To see if we can accept God and Jesus Christ as our Savior.
The the city and airport codes are given by the IATA i.e. International Air Transport Association....The GDS (Global Distribution System) helps travel agents or airline back office employees book, rebook, cancel, etc. reservations for airlines, cars, hotels, etc.It is the abbrevition code for every single city in the world which most of them have airport(s). I dont know how it is when it comes to hotel because in the Global Distribution System you can search for the hotel easily.
A departure from the usual increase or decrease of an atmospheric property with altitude. It usually refers to an increase in temperature with increasing altitude, which is a departure from the usual decrease of temperature with height.Normally temperature decreases when you go higher in the air, but when there is an inversion it actually increases as you go up in a particular situation.  This can be caused by several things - for example, temporarily as air masses pass one another.  An inversion can cause various weather phenomena, including smog and unusual cloud formations.Interesting that you asked this under the "Denver" category - am I to assume you're concerned about the "Brown Cloud"? I lived in Denver for two years, and that was always a target for local DJ's, etc. What's worse is that when there was an inversion, you could go up into the mountains and *SEE* the effect.. . Quite disturbing, let me tell you.....
PTA is Peseta, the old currency of Spain. Since January 1st, 2002, 15 EU countries(the Eurozone), change their old currencies and establish the Euro as common currency. You can change Pesatas for Euros only in the Spain´s National Bank(Banco de Espa?a). 1 euro is 166,386 Pesetas.pta means peseta which is the currency for Spain and andorra.peseta is the old currency.  Spain are in Euro land nowpta means PESETAS, which usded to be the currency here. Now everything is in Euros. You will always find prices in Euros, and most times with the equivalent in pesetas. 1 Euro is 166.4 Pesetas.
what does this have to do with egypt?we arent that smartThe critical mass for lower-grade uranium depends strongly on the grade: with 20 % U-235, and surrounded by a 4 cm thick beryllium neutron reflector, it is over 400 kg; with 15 % U-235, it is well over 1000 kg.. . The critical mass is inversely proportional to the square of the density: if the density is 1% more and the mass 2% less than the volume is 3% less and the diameter 1% less. The probability for a neutron per cm travelled to hit a nucleus is proportional to the density, so 1% more, which compensates that the distance travelled before leaving the system is 1% less. This is something that must be taken into consideration when attempting more precise estimates of critical masses of plutonium isotopes than the rough values given above, because plutonium metal has a large number of different crystal phases which can have widely varying densities.Nope, hard to find out, i don't think many people have ever even seen it...poo
Easy way is the answer above.  Hard way is to learn both languages.  Duh.Start by using SPELLCHECKER then Use a trasilater -- of course !!!!
Aren't there multiple timezones in Canada?It depends on the timezone you are in Canada. But as a guide for you... If its 130AM Sunday in Philippines, its 1230PM Saturday in Toronto, 930AM Sat in Vancouver, 1130AM Sat in Winnipeg, 1230PM Sat in Montreal.. . Hope that helps.
Hard to tell what it will be this summer, but the usual June and July weather for our country (Poland) mixes up hot sunny days and cooler rainy days.  Last summer, for example, we had a bunch of days over 100F, which is extremely hot for us.  But that was an exception.  In any case, June and July are the best months to visit, so have fun!Haslo has point. We have a National Classic weather... meaning that on winter it snows, on autumn its cold and rains, and on summer its warm. it might be now warmer since theres a global warming.. and there was snow in West Cali near San FranciscohotUhhhh... Lets see... more sun than snow, warmer than the winter, and probably just better overall than winter.
No Thailand.  Not to mention the women on the beaches are much more beautiful too.The most beautiful beaches are in MauritiusBoth have really beautiful beaches. But Thailand is definitely cleaner.You will find good women as well as beaches in INDIA than THAILAND. Try- GOA, LAKSHWADEEP ISLANDS, ANDAMANS, as well as KERALA BEACHES in South India. Try www.IncredibleIndia.orgbeaches are amazing in both coutries but as india has a longer coastline u will have more variety. Goa kerala konkan on the west coast . and vishakapatnam and lots others on the east coast. andaman islands are havenly. go in november to may / no rain and loads of sunI should advice India. Weather in Oct. sep. should be rainy and warm. Beaches in Goa and Kerala are the best.Stick to Thailand. But India beaches of Goa and Kerala are awesome. Goa is also a very bohemian culture, very laidback. Right destination for resting. And the rave parties in North Goa are amazing.If you're going to GOA, then Palolem is BEAUTIFUL! If you saw Bourne Supremacy 2 (or whatever its called) then its the beach they live on in the beginning.. However, Ive travelled all over, living in the caribbean at the moment and still havent found any beachs that rival Thailand beaches. Try Ao Nang beach, avoid Phuket.The beaches are definitely better in India.  My family takes a trip every year, two years my parents decided on   India.  I was like wtf, India? From what I've seen on TV, it's horrible.  I was wrong.  The beauty of that county is never protrayed on TV.  The beaches are amazing, hotels are awesome, and night life in Bombay is hott.  . Definitely visit Goa and Juhu beach in Bombay....you'll probably catch a gilmpse of those hot indian actresses.. . Like the other person said, the weather will be rainy.  The best time is dec, jan, feb.Compare the amount of coastline and I think you'll have your answer. Goa, Andaman Islands, Lakshadweep and Kerala ought to more then keep you in high spirits. Nov to Jan are best, Sep-Oct is ok.
How can Indonesians be in the USA?  You need to check with your local government.  I hope you know your own government's requirements? To come here on a Visa, you must be able to prove financial stability while here, even if only for a vacation. While here, find someone to marry your butt.  Then maybe...Good luck.No way Jose.....oh, ugh, oh,  Can I get back to you on that.  Sorry!Hi, I am really so sorry to say that. no way to be there, i tried many times before you. this is the fiveth year tring to be there but no way.. ShadiApply for the U.S. visa of course! have you ever been abroad before? If you haven't, it's kind of hard to be granted. One last thing, make sure that you have enough money to show go and survive.
(1)  Sometimes its just the anticipation of getting to someplace that makes it feel like it takes a long time.. . (2)  If you're flying, depending on the direction of the flight, the winds are either with the plane or against the plane-- flying east almost always takes less time (unless its the opposite).they say if you are driving then its because on your way back youre not necessarily concentrating so much on getting there.
there are 100 agorot in one shekel (i.e. one hundred cents to a dollar), they come in 10 agorot coins, and 1/2 shekel coins (50 agorot). The shekel is worth about $1 to 4-5 shekels.Not sure what you mean but the Israeli shekel is as follows:. . Currency (code): . new Israeli shekel (ILS); note - NIS is the currency abbreviation; ILS is the International Organization for Standarization (ISO) code for the NIS. . Exchange rates: . new Israeli shekels per US dollar - 4.482 (2004), 4.5541 (2003), 4.7378 (2002), 4.2057 (2001), 4.0773 (2000) . . . Banknotes exist of 20, 50, 100, and 200 NIS. Originally there were also banknotes of 1, 5, and 10 NIS.. . Coins exist of 5, 10, and 50 agorot, and 1, 5, and 10 NIS. A 1 agora coin was issued in 1985, but was abolished in 1991.5 shekels=1$   I'm not too sure how many agorot=1$ (not too sure).   100 agorot=1 shekel.   pretty sure that's how it is...
The best and only way to travel for free is to work for airline. You can travel free throughout the US, and fly to europe for aorund $100 r/t! It all depends on the airline though.. . There is an actual website that provides you additional information on so called "free trave"you can become a flight attendant or pilot and get paid to fly. Or you can get a job that requires you to travel. A way to travel cheap is to sign-up with a courier service and give up your luggage space to deliver things for companies.Volumteer to help people of this country and you will work for travel :DFind a rich mateask a person for money
Oregon-While it is only legal for medical reasons, I swear the entire population of the state is baked!  It is very acceptable and that is perhaps why the state is full of lazy welfare dependant bums.  This is the real reason all the hispanics have their jobs!dear WHODEY: if you could e-mail me with what town you live in so i could contact my government officials and inform them of this horribly, disgusting injustice commited there.North California, Santa Cruz, officially for medical reasons ;)You're allowed to have one plant per household in Alaska. Canada permits prescription use.everywhere but usa. even russia let em smoke.
Believe it or not, I'd take my family to Australia.  It has some of the most unique animals and vegetation anywhere in the world.  (And maybe visit the most unique Q & A 'er and her family.)New Zealand so I could see the scenery that inspired the movie Lord of the Rings.Italy, it has the most beautiful places and the most history to meAthens, Greece.  The history interests me.I would go 312' east of where I am right now. . . There would be less barbed wire, razor wire, guard towers, and the neighbors would be a bit more respectful.I want to take a cruise around the world. I think I would want to be gone for like a year and get to hit afascinatedjor spots along the way. I think it would be the best to do this on a large yacht with a smaller group of people and have bigger rooms than a regular cruise line. Then at each spot spend a few days or so, one day would be with a tour and the rest would be your own time to experience the city/port on your own. . . I'd love to go back to Egypt, Asia, Italy, France, they were all wonderful and so many other places have been great. I also think it would be fun to spend a month or so touring Asia. I'd also like to go some place like Africa and donate my time to help the people in the area. It's not exactly the "dream" vacation, but I think it would be really great to provide some much needed help to those in need. . . I just want to learn as much as I can about different cultures and learn the history of other places. I'm facinated by the way other cultures work.
First, visit the city of Mexico and make sure you save your receipts as you'll be able to tax deduct (see your accountant about that).  Go to the hotels and tourist areas to see where they can use your English.  Then, look for local apartments that you can rent......go live there.  Oh, yeah, you should check to see if you need a work permit in MX.Use one of the leftover rafts the mexicans used to get here to float there. Kind of reverse illegal immigration.Start seeking a job theretry solutionsabroad.comWhy would you want to move there of all places???They are very sexist and somewhat racist.They also are very corrupt.I don't recommend you moving there.But Good Luck!Pretty vague question but .... lots of good info on the site below
I knew a kid in grad school from Peru.  He threw his soiled toilet paper in the trash.  Very dirty kid.there are public lavatories in Peru. You just need to know where to find them....Ask to the people on the streets.... . People that don't use the public lavatories are mostly low educated persons...they don't have money or they don't have any education at allprobably they dont need one. the streets are enuff for them..
I don't know but it should!!!! We deserve to have a least one, Cali's not any better than SLC and it's got at least three!Because it has a small population compared to the other cities you see with subcategories and it does not have a city with a big tourism industry.  It is a great city though.  Keep representing!i don't know, but i was born here and i was raised here, and i love salt lake.because everyone likes to p iss on the Mormons.Because it's not in the database.
If you fly to TO you can rent a vehicle relatively cheaply from the airport by doing the "Ontario only, unlimited mileage" package and then drive to St. Catharines (that's the correct spelling by the way) or fly to Buffalo and rent a vehicle.  Check the car rental packages on line first and then book through the company - we found that the cheapest.  That would be my choice.  I'd definitely avoid the bus.I don't believe that there's an airport in St. Catherines.  The closest ones would be Buffalo or Hamilton (but Hamilton isn't serviced by many airlines).  There is a Via Rail train station though.Depends on where you are from, how close or far you are away from there and how much money you have.depends on how much time you want to take.. plane is obviously quicker and sometimes can even be cheaper then going by bus! Depending what kind of vehicle you drive it can be very pricey driving, and the length of the trip, cause you might be looking at hotel expenses and buying food, etc. Taking the bus is sometimes the cheapest but usually is the slowest and depending on the distance there can be quite a few stop overs. Plus its very uncomfortable and boring - especially if you are alone.
This is tour organized by Mickey and Minny Mouse which runs in July. It takes Mice around their local towns and cities and they stay at any house that doesn't have a cat.It is going to Disney Land to see Mickey and MinnieI'm pretty sure you are referring to a Disney trip. Since Mickey and Minnie mouse are two of the main characters there, it is often called mice or mouse tourism.IN HILLY AREAS WHERE THERE ARE TOO MANY MICE. IF YOU GO THERE, IT IS MICE TOURISM.
I live near Niagara Falls, and I guess it's something you just have to experience.  I guess I would say because they are expansive and wide (from the canadian side, you have a great view).  There's also the Horseshoe falls right next to it which is pretty amazing as well.They are tall
Welcome to Yahoo!Answers.  I looked at your profile and see you are new.  I am peachy this morning, and you?fine, thank you.Hi,Sachintha,I'm fine.What's about u.My name is feifeigan.not to bad, ate too much ramen though.  and you?I'm in need of.Hi, my name is Courtney. Not as unique as Sachintha but it still works.. I am actually doing very well.. Thank you.. And how are you?I'm tired, hungry, broken, and have an exam tomorrowIm very well thankyou, and you?. I hope you have a very nice day.. . Cheers.Is "sachintha" the Family/Last or the Given/First name?Hi. My name is Arto. And... I'm crazy!I feel great? How are you?I am great because today is Wednesday and that means there are only 2 more days till the weekend! I hope you are very well to.i am the HAPPIEST...think so...believe so....n u will b so....gud luck
South Kensington and Gloucester Road are the two nearest tube stations and both are a short walk to the science museum. Expect a great day out!south kensington station on the circle line is the nearest stop,get out of the station,and turn right,and u'll come to it.5 mins walk maxThe Science Museum is very close to South Kensington tube station.  South Kensington is served by the Piccadilly (Blue), Circle (Yellow) and District (Green) lines.. . The Science Museum is signposted from the tube station.i dont no?
You will be fine, most of people thinks that wen someone says Mediterranean food is only meat dishes but that is not the reality.... I'm from Portugal that is just around the corner from Morocco and the cuisine that's quite similar be twin both countries, there is plenty of vegetarian dishes to keep you busy for some time but be ware of the spicy bit's...You'll be eating a LOT of couscous and veggies..lolThere is a wide variety of fresh fruits and vegetables available year round in Morocco. With Morocco bordering both the Atlantic and Mediterranean, fresh fish is also plentiful.. . Many Moroccan families only eat meat a few times a week, so you will survive just fine.Eat a lot of beans and rice.  Hummus is really good, too.
It depends on the airline and which airplane equipment you get.  It appears that the two non-stop choices you have are Delta and Lufthansa.. . Delta ranges from 7hrs 55min to 8hrs 32min. Lufthansa ranges from 7hrs 45min to 8hrs 32minFor a non-stop about 7hrs 45 mins. If you are wanting stops, it will be signifcantly longer to get to your destination, 10 hours or more, up to about 16 hours.. . Hope this helps!
the blue ones indicate where the fire hydrants are on the side of the road. the white and yellow ones keep you in your lanes.Yeah they suddenly invaded NSW a few years ago. They look great at night & I guess are meant to keep you in your lane.In the US it indicates where the fire-hydrant is located and depending what side of the center-line it is on, that's the side where the hydrant is located.They are to help you drive in your lane.Where the hell is Perth???  Maybe night driving?
Well, greyhound may be the cheapest route, but just in case you wanted other alternatives, you may try amtrak and as someone has mentioned, definitely check around to see what the cheapest deals are at. And finally, ask around your community, someone may be heading up that direction that you know and wouldn't mind the company on the trip upIf you have money go to GREYHOUND on line...If you don't join a church and PRAY...!!if i was u i would look up as bus and train tickets get a couple of prices on tickets then look it up on yahoo local there they have rating and  you can see what others have to say about that company u don't want your trip to be a terrible one good luck to you and have a safe trip
surat is know for its textile market, diamonds cutting industry. was voted one of the cleanest cities in india, surrounds by three bridges, and is a great citysurat is known as letter.?Surat is also the educational and cultural center of S Gujarat. ?Surat is best known for its SAREESGreat trading port in Gujarat, India and first place the British were established.. Diamonds and Textiles are the major trades.Diamonds, Extraordinary Fashion style, Fly Over Bridges, Ghari (sweets), PoNk (snack)... and moreTextile,Gems and Diamond cutting industry.For the epidemic which spread out there in Sept 1994.It is also known for all the famous sweets of Gujrat and also its speciality food called "pong".This city is known for its textiles, zari work, and diamond cutting and polishing industryit is well known for its sari textiles,jewellery works.sarees and diamond industry
On September 4, 1781, 44 Mexican settlers set out from the San Gabriel Mission to establish a town at Fr. Crespi's Porciuncula River site. The town was duly named El Pueblo de Nuestra Se?ora la Reina de los ?ngeles sobre El R?o Porciuncula, ("The Town of Our Lady the Queen of the Angels on the River Porciuncula").In some other language it means City of Angels.Because i live in it and i'm an angelllllllllllllllll :P. . i suck! :PIts the CITY OF ANGELS and it is The Second Largest City. in the USA.First one landed gets to call it as he sees it.  "City of Angels."
go here BROITs a big program and the images take a while to load.. . give it some time.What is gogleearth? LOL
Beachy and civilised.Noordwijk is avery charming beach resort. I do not live far from it and enjoy to visit it, summer and winter. For more info, click the link!
We love Budapest. It is clean (but don't drink the water), excellent food and they love Americans. It is also a very pretty city. I describe it to people as a cheap Paris where they like Americans. If you go, read a guide book as to which taxi companies to use. Some are honest and some fix the meter illegally. The guide books tell you which is which.swiftydr is give you great information, The best bet is to know a local and stay away from the tourist traps.Eastern europe can be a wonferful bargain. I ate like a king and it was dirt cheap.Europe's pretty expensive especially for Americans. U need to head to Eastern Europe for cheap destinations Bulgaria,Romania, Hungary, Poland, avoid Scandinavia like the plague- very high cost of living.
It's not bad.  The temp is like 70 - 75 degrees and it's a little cloudy but other than that it's perfect.The weather is warmer than San Francisco.  THe prior poster was incorrect.  It depends where you go in San Diego.  Along the coast, it would be upper 60's and inland into the upper 70's.   Pretty nice.  San Fran is always cold.NICE AND SUNNY OUT SIDE ABOUT 70 DEGREES OUT SIDE OH WHAT A BEUTIFUL DAY IT IS OUT SIDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Perfect, always perfect.Same with Orange County.today it is going to be cloudy but it is still nice and you can wear shortsIn the summer, hot but not too bad, if close to the beach.Cooler than San Francisco
Sunny climate all year round..... . The only time it rains is when there is a cold front coming in or a hurricaneAugust is right at the height of hurricane season.  Otherwise, generally it is very warm and humid and is likely to rain in the afternoon.  The average high is about 90 degrees and the average low is about 75 degrees.It is always sunny with the occasional tropical rain. During the summer, and especially in August it gets extremely humid and stays very hot. The temperature ranges from about 80-90 degrees in the day (maybe a little hotter) and probably 65-75 in the night. It is beautiful there all year around.
security, cleanliness, greenery, technological advancement, healthcare, value of the dollar. We're ranked rather high on a few lists. might wanna find out about those lists and probably have an ideo of the pulling factor.I think its their economy, strict imposure of law and good jobs.i dotn think Singapore really want smore migration(permanent) they are small & tightly regulated though population is falling. But they are clean(very clean City state)1) The safe streets. 2) The uncorrupted government. 3) The low taxes. 4) The low cost of living. 5) The clean environmentLaw and order the feeling of being able to go any where at night and feel safe, the people are very help full and friendly, the cleanliness and natural beauty, the food.Check your secondary school history textbook.
2 good answers..the one on Mt. Washington is cool. Worth a visit. The one in Manitou Colorado is really nice. The area is gorgeous. Perhaps its because Royal Gorge is nearby.A cog train is a train that uses a cog wheel to go up mountains. The wheel in on the bottom of the train in the middle, and there is an extra track between the rails. This gives the train extra traction when going up steep hills. It works the same way as a roller coaster going up at the beginning of the ride.Asking about Switzerland, you must be thinking about going up Jungfrau, the operation is how the others explained it, this is due to the steepness of the climb. I went up the cog railway to Jungfrau in 2000 on a Contiki tour, we had a blizzard up the top with thigh deep power, it was -4 C but that didn't stop us running amuk in it and havin a ball, there was ice caves with beautiful ice sculptures in a maze of tunnels, and all the facilities you come to expect in such a country as Switzerland.. I recommend warm clothing - hope the weather is better for you! But we didn't mind!!!!A cog train uses 1869 toothed cog gears, rack rails and tilted boilers.  It allows the train to climb very steep terrain.  See www.thecog.com this train is in Mt Washington, NH
You can walk or take the vaperetto on the southeast corner of St. Mark's Square.  If you walk, take the northwest corner of the square and wind through to the Rialto Bridge area, don't go onto the bridge though.  Keep walking north, past the Post Office and eventually you get to that area.take the 1 or 82 vapperetto in direction rialto from san zaccaria to san marcuola, walk north and east through the alleys to rio terra san leonardo (wide street/market).  walk north  up calle de robbia, follow it to ghetto nuovo
lol if you can find a country to let you take a trip to the moon. I know you can not do it in the US but other countries let common people go for like millions of dollars.You asked the right person, all you have to do is send me 10,000 dollars.  Cash preferablyFor a mere $100 million, privately owned Space Adventures is selling tickets for a round trip to the moon. The company has entered an agreement with Russian space officials to build a vehicle for a pilot and two very rich tourists. This Soyuz rocket launched an earlier Space Adventures client into orbit.
Either take the Black Ball ferry, (Coho), or head North on the I-5 interstate which changes to BC Hwy 99 at the border. Then turn South onto Hwy 17 which will take you to the ferry terminal at Tsaawaasen. From the ferry terminal at Schwartz Bay, it's a straight dash to Victoria.Oh God, don't hitchhike, you'd be crazy to do that in this day and age. Drive. It's a nice trip, I've done it many times and it doesn't take too long.Hitch hiking is tough in Washington since you can't do it on the Freeways.  I'm not sure of the prices, but generally the Washington State Ferry system is cheaper than the companion system in BC.. . Check this location:  http://www.wsdot.wa.gov/ferries/visitors_center/index.cfm?fuseaction=travel_victoriaHitch hike.For a couple of people it is probalbly cheapest to take the Victoria Clipper from downtown Seattle.  For a carload, cross the border at Blaine, drive to Tsawwassen and take the ferry to Swartz Bay.
Rain, Rain and more Rain in September and October.  Just this past October, we had rains that flooded the entire Pacific coast from Costa Rica to Guatemala.  This is not uncommon by any means to have days on end of rain.. The highlands at that time though can be more clear as the Caribbean fronts keep the Pacific fronts from coming over the mountain range.Its ok, maybe it'll be a little rainy, but the beaches are awsomei lived there two years ago aug through oct.  it really depends on where you will be.  i lived in the central valley, cartago actually. (about 15 miles south of sanjose)  it rained EVERY AFTERNOON for the month of sept.  we actually had floods in town and our roof leaked alot.  i only brought a rain jacket so i recommend you take a good umbrella.  the coasts, both of them, were nice but i do recall rain just for awhile in the afternoons there also.  it is warmer on the coasts so it is a nice rain, not chilling like so many were in cartago.it should be great.... I mean for vacation.Average rainfall in San Jose, CR is around 10 inches both in September and October.  Average temps are around 80 and very humid.  If you head out to the pacific coast, there are some really dry areas where it will rain very little.  The Caribbean side is wetter than the rest of the country.. . Hope this helpsPretty rainy except maybe the Caribbean side in September.its very rainy but warm and humid. in the caribbean its great!and its sunny! you'll love it!
Kaldenkirchen is in the city of Nettetal, which is directly on the border with Holland.. Golden times refered to it? i have no idea!! I would like to know also..The Maas River seperates Holland & Germany.. Kaldenkirchen ("Cold Churches") is between the Mass River and the Niers River.. . By "Golden times" I believe you are referring to the Golden Age of Dutch art.. . "After years of struggle against Spanish domination, the northern provinces won their independence in 1609. The tremendous industrial and commercial activity that followed made the Netherlands one of the most powerful nations of the world. In the United Provinces most people lived in cities where economic prosperity was widespread and there existed both relatively high religious and social tolerance. The Dutch were exceptionally literate since reading was important in a Protestant society which maintained that the individual must pursue the Bible by himself. Books were published in great numbers and institutes for higher education. This economic and educational background was fundamental for the explosive cultural growth which was to follow." (see sources)Take a look at Exchanger's profile and you know he is not into art!. Kaldenkirchen is located at the German/Dutch border and Golden Times is a club/brothel in Venlo, Netherlands.
Money I can spend on someone else....The idea of reducing the airfare rate by reducing the hosts , Hospitality and/or catering costs is a new trend and serve well for the lower market segments of passengers.Anyhthing cheap is good, and what kind of stupid question is this ?I've never flown Air India Express. In general I appreciate the place low fare airlines play but I'm usually wary of them. Unless they have new planes like JetBlue, I feel more comfortable paying more and going on a standard airline.super
The drinking age is younger in European countries. It's no big deal over there. Also, the driving age is older than ours so there is less drunk driving; they've already got all that rebellious behavior out of them.Wine is softer? Wine's 12% and beer's 6%! And try to tell me that the Germans don't drink beer... ;-). . It's a cultural thing. We Brits wonder exactly the same thing. It is usually thought that Continental Europe handles its drink better than we do because they have a caf? culture, and they learn to drink earlier. My French friends drank watered-down wine with meals when they were 5 years old. This is combined with the fact that a Frenchman will go out for an evening to a caf?, have maybe a drink there, then go for a meal which will last at least 2 hours - with one or two glasses of wine - and only then go on to a club, where he will probably have 1 more drink.. . Brits go our to get wasted. We'll go and drink alcopops like Smirnoff Ice when we're 14 because it's easier to drink something when it doesn't taste like alcohol so we can get drunk quicker. We weren't allowed to drink when we were young so alcohol became the forbidden fruit, the thing you do to be really clever and adult. Then, when they are a bit older and drink in pubs, they get to the pub by 9 but get chucked out again at 11, so they have to drink fast, increasing the effect. This, plus it's just accepted that you can be drunk - being drunk is funny for your mates here, whereas you'd be frowned upon for getting trashed in France.Because in Europe teens can drink all the beer they want because it is legal, but they have better things to worry aboutcu,s education is better in EU then USAEuropeans grow up drinking wine with meals. So it becomes a commonplace for them. In the U.S. alcohol is seen as a passage into adulthood, and is celebrated as such.we can drink and american can'tWherever you get this idea from is totally wrong. Firstly wine is stronger than beer and even though personally I would drink less of it it will get me more drunk.. Secondly, we have a TV programme here called Booze Britain which showcases the problems we have with drunk teenagers and twenty somethings, if you were to see this programme you would understand why I feel embarrassed to be English when travelling to European hot spots because we behave the same way there. . We also have a joke about American (or Australian) beer which is:. What does American beer and sex in a canoe have in common?. They are both f-ing close to water.. So maybe your adolescents are extreme lightweights who cannot hold their beer.. No, seriously we have been brewing and drinking alcoholic drinks since the middle ages, so have a massive selection of drinks to choose from, some of them are particularly strong like 18% ciders and beers like Stella Artois which is affectionately known as "Wife-beater" because it has the tendency to make you very aggressive.. The government is trying to curb the alcohol related crime and violence by bringing in 24hr drinking to stop the "Binge drinking". Which is about time too because the law was changed during the war so pubs had to close at 11pm for the Blackout but was never changed back so everybody tries to get as much down as they can before closing time.. We do have a problem with underage drinking as well but because we can drink legally from the age of 18 its probably not as big as yours. So this is not just an American phenomena we Brits have it too. As for the rest of Europe I cannot answer for them.Simple. United States was made a country because people wanted freedom. So people came from Europe to America to get it. Now everybody has no king in America slaping them in the back of their head telling them to stop drinking.cuz it's legal to drink at 17 over there...15 in some countriesI think that it is because alcohol is more easily accessible in Europe, it is not such a "rebellious" things for European teens as it is for American teensbecause our country was founded by puritans, those prude goody-goodies who dont believe in living life without a stick firmly planted up your buttI believe it affects ethnicity. More ethnics are prone to drink while others are not. Europeans probably don't have a particular liking to the taste of beer, and drink wine instead, which is softer.because theres no drinking age in europecuz we think teen drinking is a problem, and they don'tbecause they dont make a big deal about it in europe like they do here in emericaThe drinking age is the source. You withhold it from them for 21 years, tell them it's bad, and they're going to steal from their parents liquor cabinets until their 18 and meet 21 year-olds in college. Then they'll binge drink until they're 21 and not want to do it anymore.. . In other countries they restrict it for a shorter amount of time, and they don't glorify it the same way we do.. . Different cultures. Ours has none.Because we in Europe are down-to-earth!You can ask the same question about drugs, sex, guns, crime etc..  better education and less of a controlling government. I also believe that the heavy religious slant in the US has a lot to do with it too.
I don't know if this helps, but the distance from one corner of Texas to the other is the same distance from that corner of Texas to Canada.  Just one of those useless bits of trivia that I have retained over the years.Texas is a long and wide state but I don't think it is quite as high as the distance from Tallahassee to Canada.
the more qualified a person you are, the better your odds such as a college degree, what kind of job you hold, all the kinds of things that would make you a more 'qualified citizen' for america. first off you would need a visa to visit, and then obtain a green card, lastly you can gain citizenship, are you hoping to become a permanent US resident/citizen?Go To Mexico. Look for a Cayote. Pay min 5,000. Come over the border at night when officers are sleeping.. Come illegally.Don't come ...Play basketballwell the proper way to do it is to get a visa!!! or you can just enter illegaly...lolyou should first try and see if you can find a job there.You need a job, someone to invite you over.air plane or boat.
Call your local air carriers. They will answer all your questions.It's very easy. You'll get most of the courier services like FedEx/DHL/UPS etc. Just go to any of their outlet. Don't worry much, they r gonna fix all the official documents, you don't need to go through any customs checking.
I suppose it depends who you buy your insurance from, different companies cover different things. I believe th company I use for my trips cover theft, but you have to file a police report and use that as proof. Otherwise, they really have no way of telling what really happened.Theft is too hard to account for... for the insurance companies.Loss could be due to any non-deliberate act, like natural calamities, accidents etc. where the passenger has no direct control. Whereas, theft is only due to negligence, carelessness etc. on his/her part.Hence "Loss" is covered, but not "Theft".
Contact the Australian Embassy to find out how many points you get for your circumstances.  You may be surprised!You could do it without an agent as Australia has a bit of a trade skills shortage at moment - trained electrician should have no problem at all getting work, especially if you are flexible about where you live.
I agree that a taxi is a good option.  The ballpark really isn't all that far from the airport, for one thing, and using a taxi (rather than bus, if a bus is even really an option) lets you control your schedule.  Welcome and enjoy!i agree.  i think a taxi would be your best bet.  there is no direct bus route since arlington does not have a mass transportation system.No its not but you can check at the airportThere is a bus that could eventukally get you there. That is the only way.there is a bus that goes from the airport to the ball field..call airport for info..You could call a cab.HorseThere are taxi services avaialable at the airport that can take you to the ballpark.  It's not too far from the DFW!!!
Maganari in island of IOS. Greece. The cleanest, most colourful na peaceful beach in the World. Excellent!The greatest beach is St Martens in Netherlands. Boeing 747, 757, 767, 737; Airbus 340-200, 340-300, 340-500, 340-600 land so close to the beach that you are blown to the ground.. If you don't believe, go to the website and see it for yourself. . . Go to www.flightlevel350.com and enjoy the videos.If I told you, you'd probably show up and strut around like a peacock, which would then ruin my experience of simply enjoying the solitude I find here, so NO! I refuse to divulge that information to you.
This happens to most destinations. Buy the return and throw return leg away.its less economical for airlines because so few people travel single way, airlines expect 99.99% of passengers to return with them at some point, plus if you travel single they might think your desparate to get out there and won't buy a return because your unsure of your return date, ( good example would be a death in the family ) travel out there but they'll be complications so you may not know when to return, So airlines take advantage of them.Firstly, if you have brought a single ticket and for some reasons did not like your flight you are unlikely to travel with that airline again.  Secondly, most countries will not allow you to enter unless you have a return ticket the airline knows this and it is better for them to make it cheaper for you to get the return ticket required then have the opption of using a different airline when returning to your country.
I live in Portugal and the weather has been unusually bad so far this year(like most of Europe). however it has been good for the last week or so 23/24 degrees and once the weather breaks it usually stays hot & dry until November. It certainly won't be cold, but bring something warmer for the evening and an umbrella just in case!Just got back 65-75 now.Probably at least 10 degrees hotter by then. you'll love it- we did. Be sure to check out the bargans at the gypsy markets.
It means that poor black people don't get as much of a say in our government as the rich white people living in the outlying areas.. . FYI: I'm white and rich and live in Virginia.  I think it is pathetic DC doesn't get a vote but has to pay just as much tax.  Furthermore, they have lame schools and lowsy roads for the citizens, but somehow manage to be pothole free in the business district where all of the rich white folks go.Taxation and Representation. by Thomas R. Eddlem. . As the crates of British tea splashed into the salt water on that cold Boston night, the band of patriots dressed as Indians could he heard shouting, "No taxation without representation!" and "Taxation without representation is tyranny!" Led by John Hancock, the early Americans at the Boston Tea Party set in motion the process that culminated a year and a half later when the 13 original colonies declared their independence from England. When the Founding Fathers fashioned our Declaration of Independence, chief among their complaints was the fact that the King was taxing them "without our consent." That Declaration asserted an English tradition dating back to the Magna Carta whereby governments derive "their just Powers from the Consent of the Governed." . . Later, when the 13 states convened to draw up the Articles of Confederation, the Founders included provisions in that document (and later in the U.S. Constitution) which tied taxation with representation of those who would be taxed. The U.S. Constitution stipulates, "Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several States which may be included in this Union, according to their representative numbers...." . . In 1894, Congress spurned this principle of linking taxation and representation by enacting a national income tax -- the first direct tax on Americans during peacetime. The underlying motivation behind the 1894 income tax was made clear during congressional debates on the matter. Representative William J. Talbott (D-SC) argued that "the income tax is the most equitable and just way of taxation, putting the burden of taxation upon the shoulders who are most able to bear it, and [taking] it away from the shoulders of those who are least able to bear it." Representative Omer M. Kem (Populist-NE) stated: "A perfect tax is one which allows the citizen who is only able to obtain the necessities of life to go free, while it places the burden of government upon those who are able to bear it, and distributes the burden in proportion to their ability." . . Starting with the income tax law of 1894, we can trace our nation's descent into socialism via federal legislation enacted during this century. When the Supreme Court overturned the 1894 tax law in the case of Pollock v. Farmers Loan and Trust, it marked the last great victory of the cause of non-partial taxation. When Pollock was overturned by a constitutional amendment and subsequent legislation in 1913, the forces for socialism began their assault on our economic freedoms in this country. . . Class Agitation. . Class agitation from the Populist Party was, in part, responsible for the national mood which enabled proponents to slip the 1894 income tax law through Congress. Representative Thomas Hudson (Populist-KS) explained on the floor of the House that "the majority of the very wealthy are haughty, overbearing, autocratic, mean, and it is that class in particular that the income tax is designed to reach." This sentiment reflected the view of most Populists and many of the Western and Southern Democrats in Congress, though most Democrats were more cautious in their public statements. . . A few congressmen tried to deny that their votes for the income tax were motivated by socialist sympathies. One key proponent of the income tax, Representative Uriel Hall (D-MO), even argued that the measure would inhibit radicals: "Had I the naming of this bill, had I the naming of any income tax bill of a kind like this, I would denominate it a measure to kill anarchy and keep down socialists .... I tell you when you oppose a measure of this kind, when you come to the great masses of the people and say that the wealthy of this Government shall bear none of its burdens, then you make a foundation for the argument of anarchy, socialism, and demagoguery, that eventually will sweep The colonists wanted representation to vote in England for thier leaders who could tell them what to do, such as pay tax.  They couldn't vote, but they were being taxed. Thus, the revolutionary war.It means you are taxed but nobody represents you or your interests in Congress.It means that you pay taxes but the government does not work towards your interests.... . Supposedely it was done away with a long time ago. Not the reality for most people though :-)DC is not a state. You don't have the representation that the other states have in the Senate - but you still have to pay tax. No taxation without representation was the slogan of the Revolution. The colonists were angry that they paid tax to the British government with no democractic say in how it was spent.The king says you pay this much and thats it.Shame on you for not knowing; but glad you asked.  The short and simple answer is.  The People who live in DC pay taxes at the same rates as every other citizen of the country.  But, unlike every other state in the US, the people in DC do not have a Senator in the US Senate who can vote on issues and the Representative you have in the US House of Representatives, Ms Elanore Holmes Norton, does not have a vote.  She can make speeches on proposals made in the house, but she cannot vote on them.  So DC residents pay taxes, but have not REAL representation (i.e. people who can vote on bills) in the US Congress.  Its one of the travesties of this so-called democracy.There are Congressmen from all of the 50 states that decide what type of federal taxes each citizen of the USA will have to pay.  DC does not have ANY Senator or ANY Representatives.  Therefore, DC has no say or representation in the group of peopel that decides what taxes you'll have to pay.There's some good information from the other posters here so I won't recycle it but I will add... this is one of the big reasons why everyone needs to help get the Republicans out of the majority.  With DC's traditionally Democratic voter base, and the current closeness in numbers between Democrats and Republicans in Congress and the Senate, the Republicans are reluctant to extend the right to vote to the citizens of the District of Columbia. The Republicans do not want to lose their majority. Vote for your Democratic candidates and maybe one day I will actually have Congressional representation!taxing not fairly
The distance is 219 miles / 352 kilometers.  It takes approximately 3 hrs to drive one way.where? huh?
hey u just double click on d message n then u can read it,so just try it dude...its v easyyYou fail at the internet.From the mail home, click on your Inbox from the "folders" pane on the left...It will have a number in parentheses () telling you how many messages you have.. Once you're in your inbox, click on the subject of the email.  It will open once you've clicked on it...If you put your mouse over it, you should see it change to a hand icon, and the words will be underlined.  Pretty easy, really.. When you get into the message, you'll then be able to see the reply, forward and delete buttons, etc.
20 hoursChanging trains in Copenhagen, from Rome to Helsinki should take 16 to 20 hours.longIf you are trying to see Sweden after the 31st of March 2007, you should take a train to Basle, then take the CityNightLine night train to Copenhagen and then take the X2 to Stockholm. It is better to get to Finland via Ferry. To get to Germany, fly in economy for a lower price to Berlin. From Berlin you can then take, a no-changes train directly to PragueBuy yourself a rail pass! If you will be using the trains that much over such a short period of time, I highly recomend one. you can look at a bunch of diffrent options here http://www.eurail.com/ Grab a map and plan from Italy and head north. If you run out of Rail time by the time you get to Finland, you can always fly Ryan Air from Finland to London and then back to Italy on a budget. Check out www.ryanair.com for a list of locations and where they all connect. Hope this helps, safe travels!
Try to put you properties and activities with a online booking agency or try to avetise in magazines and travel guides.you need to be able to assure people that is it safe to travel there.  Most Americans I know don't feel it is safe for them to travel to that country.just invite them and host them 4 free
call or email AAA they will get you any map you needGo to Walmart.www.randymcnally.comTry google earth.  Its awesome!I found one in a gas stationOnce you find the map, make sure you visit Southern Utah for the experience of your life.  Bryce Canyn, Zion Canyon, Archest Nat'l Parks...Truckstops sell a very comprehensive road map of the entire USA, they cost anywhere from 5 dollars to 60 dollars, the more expensive ones are laminated and large print.  These maps are called Rand McNally Road atlas, if u want a even more detailed map, rand mcnally also prints gazeteers for each state which gives you elevation, backroads and even gps coordinates
Not so hidden - The mall of america. Other hidden areas you might enjoy is Stillwater - It's a nice quaint little town, with shops, and excellent food - right across the river is Hudson Wisconsin. You might also want to try eating on the Minnesota Zephyr - a two hour train ride (right in Stillwater).MALL OF AMERICA
Canada has Litres, but the link is a good siteone canadian gallon is 4.55 liters.. one us gallon is 3.8 liters. in south florida the price of regular gas is 2.99 a gallon at CostcoHere in NS the current gas price is $1.16CDN/litre. That works out to be 3.90US/gal
The Eurostar runs from Waterloo, which is about a ten minute walk from the Houses of Parliament in London and a major rail hub, to Paris Gare du Nord, which is connected by Metro, bus, suburban train and taxi to almost anywhere you want to go in Paris. Details are on the website, and there are advance-purchase fares that work like airline tickets--pretty affordable. The fastest service these days is around 2 hours 40 minutes, but work continues to speed the journey on the British side of the Channel with new rail lines and terminals.Take the Chunnel, the train that goes under the English Channel. you have to buy tickets early and you should probably get them before you go. I believe you can order them online. Look it up.The train leaves London's Waterloo station about every hour and a regular fare is less than $100 each way.  The train will drop you at the Nord Gare in Paris and you can take a cab from there.  The trip is about 2 hrs.you could take a boat. thats actaully pretty cool.Take the train...there's a commonly use trans-channel train that's quite popular.england and france built an underground tunnel under the english channel.rent a car its saferTake the Eurostar, it´s only 3 hrs, but book it before because it will be crowded those days. You can always look for cheap flights at easyjet or ryan air but they won't be going from central London to central Paris.I did it by hovercraft.  Inexpensive and fast!my friends took the train that goes under the english channel... can't remember the name of it.  but it was really fast and cost-efficient.  sorry i can't remember the name.  maybe, the chunnel??  you could also get a plane ticket - thats what i did... british airways.The train the best way to go.All you have to do is hop on an airplane.Ummm... purple.then you can go on a cart , by train ,through bicycle, taking lift , switch your self to internet to find out the free ticket scheme to paris , and go thereTake the Chunnel.
go to google. enter travel agency philippines or may be travel agency philippines consolidator in the searcg window and click search.The agency I used was http://www.bt-store.com they check multiple airlines and schedules, and have always given me the best pricing.. . I discovered them when I was planning my first trip, and they were highly recommended by some of the members of http://www.asawa.org/asawa
It's sunny with occasional rains.So be ready for unexpected rains.. www.srilankatourism.orgLate October is just about the best time or rather the most moderate weather. I was ther in mid november and it was about 85% every day, certainly many opportunities for rain.
I was in Vegas for Thanksgiving also.  Left St. Louis in snow/ice storm.  Wore jeans and T-shirts in Vegas...comfortably.   Wore a light-weight jacket/windbreaker/warm-up jacket to cut down the chill in the air at night.  Native Las Vegans had on winter coats/parkas... had to laugh at the that...that is NOT cold.  Temperature fell to 60s and the winter coats came out, my group was pleasantly surprised to wear just T-shirts or rugby shirts!Cold.. . May - warm.I was there right after Thanksgiving.  It was not that cold, at least compared to Detroit.  In May it will be hot.Usually pretty chilly.Very cold.
East of the rockies are where fireflies live. West of the Rockies, the climate is too dry.We had them all over ,back East, I live here in Nevada, none here either, I believe they need cool damp climate, They aren't in Utah either.. Different climate.When I go on Vacation,bach east, I really enjoy seeing them in the summer..There are no fireflies in Southern California---  This all has to do with the weather because beetles are adapted to the weather in the midwest--don't know...but i always wanted to see some fireflies...southern california is technically all desert, so you wouldn't see much in the way of any bugs
One of Southern India's most prosperous and go-ahead states, leaf-shaped Kerala spans 15,000 square miles of contrasts that both stimulate and soothe the senses. On its long western shore the lush Malabar coastline is the setting of a succession of spectacular and largely empty beaches washed by the warm Arabian Sea. Inland, Nature has framed an equally vibrant backdrop, much of it also fashioned by the movement of water. For here are the famous Kerala Backwaters - an intricate lacework of peaceful palm-edged waterways, whose languid and somehow timeless beauty can be absorbed to the full as you drift gently by aboard a slow-moving houseboat.BANANAS ITS BEAUTIFUL SANDY BEACHES AND ITS BACKWATERSBackwaters, beaches, the elephant festival and temples.Kerala is famous for Its undisturbed nature,Tradition and culture.. Not only Kerala , All other states in India are unique in their own culture and Tradition.Proud to be an Indian.kerala is famous for actors both in movies and absolutely in POLITICSMalyalees, Water, Coconut Trees, Communist parties. I'm sure there's more, but adding a few here to start with.its famous for its greenery n spices n its a gr8 holiday spot.
Hot and Humid. It's normally the dry season in May/June (although it might change)... Plus May/June is harvest time....Hot and humid.hot & humid - all year roundPainfully hot and humid.hot, humid, rainy, sunny throughout the year.
You can just go there. Here are some links to check out so that you can plan your volunteer time:. . http://206.245.174.113/mag/11-99/profiles.php. . and this next link is extremely informative, even giving you exact directions and telling you what to say:. . http://students.seattleu.edu/clubs/calcutta/guide.htmlHer order is known as the Missionaries of Charity.  There are approximately 500 or so of these missions worldwide that are part of the order and modeled on the original mission in Calcutta.. . The address of the United States mission is in New York City and you may wish to start there.  Check out the link below.write them a letter telling them your interists and your skills.  if you're willing and able i'm sure they'll have a place for you.
the outside air temperature decreases 2 degrees every 1000 feet of altitude on a standard day so the temperature at 39,000 feet where most airliners fly is approximately minus 50 degrees.  Now the aircraft heating system is circulating warm air throughout the cabin but just like in a car the air vents are less efficient in some locations than in others, hense the variations of temperature in a large airliner.  Now as to why they have small windows is a pressure related problem, as a prssurized airliner will maintain approximately 7 pounds per square inch of pressure.  Obviously a 12 inch by 8 inch window (96 square inches, with a pressure of 672 pounds) is easier to engineer and withstand the pressure than say a 20 inch by 12 inch window (240 square inches, with a pressure of 1680 pounds) would be.wow! 6 questions in your post.  one at a time please.Its all compromise... design factors of airplanes depend on a lot of things:. . aerodynamics, economy, passenger's comfort, legal requirements, etc. etc. etc.. . Some people wear shorts and you wear blanket, because some people are different than you. some people are just some people. We can't control what some people do or how they feel!If you have all these complaints about aircrafts, you should lower your standards and ride a nasty-a** Greyhound bus with heat and big ol' windows.Open a window and let the cold out.The explanation offered during my most recent travel was that the area I was seated in was directly under the vents and helped to circulate the other areas that were "unvented".  As a result, other areas were getting warmer when the air conditioning was switched off after continual complaints.Your question contains the answer your looking for.. . " see some people wearing shorts and drinking iced drinks? ". . Some people prefer things cooler than others, I know I like to keep my room around 60degrees.  Planes, especially on distnace flights, are crampt uncomfortable places where your stuck for hours at a time and forced to behave.  It's easier to keep things cooler where people who are uncomfortable can put on a jacket or sweater than to keep it warmer where people who are uncomfortable can... strip naked?. . Also planes for obvious reasons are forced to recycle their air over and over again.  Cooler environments are more sterile.  That's also why most doctors offices and hospitols are cool.  Bacteria grow fastest at warmer temperatures.. . Hope that answers your questions,. ArmusI once made the mistake of wearing only a Tshirt..i was cold..it sucked...same problem with amtrak so have a sweatshirt handy!Because the more closer to space the colder it gets that's why the astronauts were those heavy and worm space suits and some peoples body temperatures are different than yours some may be 98.6 and others may be 99.00 and they aren't sick and vise verse
think they've now covered all the loopholes in getting out of speeding tickets......Sit on it.pay it. move on.go pay it in order to avoid going to court...i got one for going 53 in a 40, and the cop told me, either i pay the ticket, or i go to court and try to get out of it...i just pay them, odds are you'll have to anyways even if you go to court, and then you more than likely will miss a day of work if you go to court. either way your losing your money.I KNOW A WAY U CAN GET IT OFF OF YOUR LICENSE! GO TO  THIS LINK www.traffictickets.zoomshare.comYou can hire a traffic law lawyer who can reduce your ticket to a parking violation so that it doesnt affect your insurance.  My dad is a lawyer and he has done that for me twice.  You will have to pay extra fees for the lawyer and for the ticket since they are basically letting you off free and clear.  But this way, your insurance doesnt go up.  Good luck!Under the 1976 'evidence' act, the evidence of your crime has to be produced to you or your solicitor 7 days before the decision of the court is made... its something like that, it was in the news a couple of weeks ago, check back issues...basically coz they say you were speeding therefore pay up, it's wrong, they should produce evidence of you speeding then wait seven days and say pay up....Did it get a car ahead of you and was there a flash?  If both are yes then say you thought someone was shooting and you got scared and sped away.  If not then use this as a good lesson to not speed.firstly you want to know the last time the gun was calibrated if its too long you can ask for a recalibration if its out you are off lol.  and which country are we talking about?
I THOUGHT STAND BY WAS ONLY ELIGIBLE AT THE GATE?? ASK A TRAVEL AGENT OR GO TO ORBITZ. GOOD LUCK.You can online booking airline ticket, beside that you must have a credit card account.. . When you online booking, it can show you the guide.you won't qualify for any special or promotional fareyou stand in line, have your cash or credit card ready, and you buy the ticket? lol
Right now the weather is just great.  The average temperature in may is the low 80s, and there is usually not much rain.USUALLY IN THE LOW TO MID 80'SDarn new perfect.  A slight breeze from coastal winds makes it seem not too hot at all.
If "babes" is your primary objective, why did you choose Naples, Florida? Why not Daytona or Orlando?It won't be as good as going to Naples Italy! That's forsure!. . Anyways, have fun and good luck with the babes!
Aerocalifornia received the order from the government to stop all operations because of the bad maintenance of the planes. One third of the float was useless, and they were cannibalizing those planes to maintain the others flying. Aerocalifornia was covering Mexico City, Guadalajara and the pacific coast, mainly.One of the planes that landed got shot at by a local
too broad of a questions. upbringing traditions, education levels, size of household members, preferred foods,Your question begins with problems when you state American and Hispanic Cultures.   First of all, there is no American culture because America is not only the United States; America is a CONTINENT that contains many countries, most of them Spanish speaking.   When you say Hispanic Culture it means that we speak Spanish and were conquered by Spain.  Other than that, we have nothing else in common.  We might speak Spanish, but there are huge differences between Spain, Mexico, Argenitina, Chile, Nicaragua, Uruguay, Bolivia, et al.  And these differences are not only cultural, they are also religious, political and social.. . With that said, if we speak of a USA Culture, the United States is a melting pot of so many cultures that I, for one, would not be able to speak of one Culture that would define the USA.  And the same can be said for the Mexican Culture, if you are refering to this country.. . Your question, if set in its correct context, is very interesting and quite complex.  It is still an issue of much research and discussion.
You know what you need to do. I've worked for two major airlines and I don't know of anywhere that there's not some sort of drug and background checks.lay off the crack pipe and you wont have any problems like this.. wow, what a thoughtIf you find one, let me know so I can stay the hell away from that airline! Other than that, good luck with your job search.It will stay in urine for 14 to 90 days depending on the person.uuuummm let me think, I've heard diluting eye drops in your water does the trick, it will probably make you very sick but it lifts the chemicals from your blood
To dial from the U.S. to Wiesbaden, Germany.    01149-611-705-xxxx.. I am not for sure about T-mobile. Sorry, I hope what I did know helps.011 49 9372 thats in klingenberg or something004949.Don´t dial, go for a visit.
The F?d?ration Internationale de Football Association, universally known by its acronym FIFA, is the international governing body of football (soccer). Its headquarters are in Z?rich, Switzerland and its current president is Sepp Blatter.International governing body for soccer and organizer of the world cup.F?d?ration Internationale de Football Association. This organization is responsible for the World Cup....although it is football in every other part of the world we in North America call it soccer....check out :. . www.fifa.comits fifo, which is first in and first outFIFA stands for "F?d?ration Internationale de Football Association". Its the sport body for football & was founded in Paris on 21 May 1904. The foundation act was signed by the authorized representatives of Seven Football associations. They were, France - Union des Soci?t?s France, Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden & Switzerland.
ask the ferry if you can take your car with you. you can do that in roro, or roll on, roll off, where they take your car on the boat to the next port. then you can drive to the next port again until your final destination.. . called the nautical highway, this is one of the projects of PGMA for a strong republic.you cant.. its a different island. manila and butuan are not even next to each other.. by boat - around 20-24 hours. plane - 1.5 hoursyou can not reach Butuan by land from Manila. You have to take the ferry to any destination in Mindanaoholly is definitely right!
I've lived in both, the food is fresher and healthier so if you want a burger joint on every corner then Canada is for you and NZ is not... but people are friendly (like in Canada). As Canada is different from the US so is NZ different from Australia (we are more conservative, but genuine). If you like big cities NZ is not for you, if you've passionate about the outdoors and all things green then NZ is for you. Good value people, but quite a few stupid 'TV watching sports freaks', but you get them in every country.New Zealand? Sheep, mountains, and rugby. Canada? Polar bears, snow men, and hockey...in a nutshell, it's all Dutch...I've lived in both countries (NZ for the last 24 years).   Both are great.   NZ has milder climate than Canada.   Both are safe.   NZ has lower standard of living.   It used to be boring and bicultural, but now it's almost as cosmopolitan as Toronto.   Lots of good ethnic food.   Only serious criticism of NZ; an obsession with sport and property is getting more expensive, even in the country.
I sent the memo.  Sorry I forgot to cc you on it.more food at the malls....sorry pegionsMaybe there is more food for seagulls to eat at malls. And pigeons at beaches? well, since seagulls are stronger than pigeons, they probably pushed the pigeons out so the pigeons went to the beach: the 2nd biggest bird food source. (remember, malls are first.)Even birds go to the malls to pretend they are something other than what they really are.The same has been happening in the city area from niles to the beach its wierd. its like the just made some agreement?
Unless you're coming from a nearby location (New Zealand, Pacific Islands etc) I highly recommend that you don't come to Australia by sea. It's a bloody long journey, and the seas around Australia can get a bit rough. You don't want to start your holiday by losing your lunch! Having said that, P&O cruises port in Australia very often, visit www.pocruises.com.au, they have lovely cruise ships, very comfortable and often luxurious. Also expensive. It's worth the trip though, Australia is fabulous!I have no idea..but come here. It'd the best place im the entire worldAsk the next passing pelican. If no answer can be obtained from the awkward bird, try orbitz.com?you have two options, the nearest travel agent or the internet, just go to any search engine, type  in the key words and your problem will be solved in the split of a second, as simple as that!!!!!!!!On a luxurious cruise ship, via the pacific islands. be sure to pack plenty of sea sick tablets!
Well, the richest persons live in Condado, Isla Verde, San Francisco, Montehiedra and that area.  The poorest people live in some public "residenciales".I heard Aquadia is a really deprived area to live in.San Juan and San Juan, it goes from one end of the scale to the other
Are you sure it's China Air? China Air is the government run airline of Taiwan (Republic of China) and does not have flights connecting in Mainland China (People's Republic of China)due to political differences between the 2 countries. Double check the name of the airline.ETD:18:20 . ETA:19:20 . . It's from Air China website.i don't think u can check any flight info at this time. the only place u can check is the airline offices in china, any city....mainland chinese don't work overnight for this kind of enquiry...trust me, i lived in china b4.
First go to a homeless shelter. Then use that address to get a PO Box Address. If you are a veteran from the service,use a VFW Post address to get a PO.BoxThey need to get a p.o. box number, since they have no home, and are living outside where ever they can find suitable place to lay their head, I agreee with what the others say. thanks for the 2 points.p.o box at the post office
My experience says the underwater part is about equal, Maldives may be a bit better.  Thailand is a big country, with stuff out of water like rock climbing, trekking, ancient ruins to visit, etc.  The latter part sways it to T-land for me!for UNDERWATER part, if you can take a safari boat, I'd say, compare to Maldives, Thailand is nothing.. . It's like comparing China Town in CA and the real China.. (Sorry, Thailand.). . However, Thai culture is more attractive/lovely than Maldivian.. . Scuba in Thailand and Maldives are both in bad shape during June and July.   Wind/rain does play a big role here.I've been to Clubmed Maldives at Kani. I'd like to say southern Thailand supplies way more beautiful underwater world.Islands are typically 800 by 200 metres in size and are formed of sand and coral to a maximum height of about 2 metres above the sea. They are covered in coconut palms and bushes. In addition to its own private beach, which goes all the way round the island, each island has its own encircling "house reef" which serves as a coral garden and natural aquarium for SCUBA divers and snorkelers. The shallow waters enclosed by the house reef serves as a large natural swimming pool and protects swimmers from the ocean waves and strong tidal currents outside the house reef.
look up the US state department on the web.  You can pay more money to have your passport expedited.Go to the local passport office and apply in person, you can get one pretty quick that way! but it costs you a bit more I would imagine.Go to the Post Office, fill out the application and, on top of the regular $90.00 app fee, pay a $100.00 expedition fee.  You should have it within 2 weeks.
I would start by contacting companies that use couriers and find out the companies they use for courier services.  Then I would contact one of those companies and see if you could set up an "informational" interview to learn about the industry and its requirements.http://budgettravel.about.com/cs/aircouriers/a/mission_courier.htm has some basic information to get you started. Check a local bond agency to see what information they can provide as well. . . Sounds exciting. Good luck.
in air there are infinite particles and atoms which have the needed ingriedients to create electro chemical reations in our lungs, blood, brains ect..... . it is the on a subatomic level that the magic happens.. and blue is silly color to be on us.Air is not only in Italy. It is almost everywhere ... but not in space and not in vacuum. You need it for life like you need water and food ...bluewhy is this question under italy?why do u ask that qustion didn`t u find better qustion*giggle*...because BLUE is NOT a pretty color on people!
What exactly are you wanting to know?. Your question is too vague.Are you computer illiterate?  How did you ever get here to Y!A?
It's pronounced "non-tong." With the "o" in "tong" pronounced as the "aw" in saw.u speak like this: n- an- t- ongNan·tong also Nan·tung  (nahn-toong) . . . A city of east-central China on the northern bank of the Chang Jiang (Yangtze River) estuary east of Nanjing. It is an industrial center. Population: 245,000.
Go to American Embassy in Mumbai or Delhi and do a little research. It will help you a lot.I've been living in India 14 years but would. never think of giving up my Canadian citizenship.. Now you think you will live in Inida forever, . but times may change, and once you have an . Indian passport, good luck getting visas to . go anywhere else!Try being born again as Indian.Marry an Indian?Send you details to helpaneed@yahoo.com, would try to help you out.
On August 10, 1809, after nearly 300 years of Spanish colonization, there took place in Quito, which at the time had a population of about 10,000, the first serious revolt against established rule, when a group of nobles and landholders set up a Junta, refusing to recognize the colonial authorities, claiming Ferdinand VII was the legitimate King of Spain. Historians debate whether this was a true attempt at obtaining independence from Spain. Be that as it may, the members of the Junta found little support, either in other cities of the Real Audiencia de Quito, or even among the lower classes in Quito, and were soon arrested by colonial troops sent from Lima.. . After the Patriotic armies led by Venezuelan-born General Antonio Jose de Sucre defeated the royalist forces in the Battle of Pichincha (May 24, 1822), the provinces of the former Audiencia de Quito joined Simon Bolivar's Republic of Colombia, but on May 13, 1830, they seceded from Colombia and established a new nation, the Republic of Ecuador.They got first when Francisco Pizarro(spaniard) got to Cuzco-Per?. There, he killed the Inca Empire king, Atahualpa. Then the expansion started all around the empire: from Colombia to Bolivia. Rumi?ahui (general from the Incan army) defenden bravely Ecuador and hid the never-found treasure: Llanganates treasure. Rumi?ahui died after hiding the treasure and Ecuador was conquered.
7000 feet amsl seems to ring a bell.  I left Asmara in 1974, but I recall being told it was 7000 feet.8000ft above sea level or 3000 meters
The person on top of me is messed up! New Yorkers are caring and NY is mostly safeNew Yorkers are ignorant and self obsessed. get a life
it's called Zam Zam, after making lot of research at it they say that's the richer water in minerals vitamins, i tested one it has different test i can say Delicious and id you was hungry after drinking Zam-Zam you'll be full. On of the Sahabas i mean the prophet Mohamed (PBUH) was living in Dates and water of ZamZam and he got wights.Hada.  The water is ok tasting, Biggest marketing/placement program and they collected all those awards for quality and even got the King award for their modern, first class factory.. . I still like Al-Qassim better (taste)Aab-e-zam zam, famous and desired by muslims all over the worldNissah Water. . Its from a wadi not that far out of Riyadh - so its one of the few beverages that doesn't havre to be imported.it's called the Zam-Zam water and it's so freshI personally prefer Nova...
Go to the Taipei City Hall MRT station. From there, it's about a 10 minute walk, or you can take a shuttle bus.take a taxiAnd the shuttle bus is free.
on what day for what duration and for how many passengers?. . Frontier Airlines is very affordable, as is Southwest Air, as is JetBlue (although I'm not sure JetBlue flies there).Not too sure where sat and buf are, but if you are looking for a flight, check http://www.priceline.com http://www.hotwire.com http://expedia.com or http://travelocity.comthat definately depends when you would be traveling, if you have preferences on types of flights and layovers, etc. there werent any details provided in your question, but i can tell you that southwest airlines seems to have very cheap flights, from what i have seen, the cheapest ones i know of. they seem to be cheaper than all the travelocity/cheaptickets sites. you might try checking them out.
Gravitational pull on itself from it's own center after billions of years have left it rounded,the spining on it's axis has also made a bulge on the equator.Because of its own gravitational pull. It has enough mass to have a strong gravitational pull on itself. Thus, it contracts itself into a round shape.Gravity.. . Why are all planets round?  The gravitational pull towards the center caused the planet to shape itself as such.. . Actually, the Earth is somewhat oblong due to its rotation.This site will tell you.because thats the way god created itWELL DUDE!!. ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT MAYBE GRAVITY OR SOMEWHAT LIKE THAST
he is called "EL CHINO" because he is from japan and  thats how we called asian people. Chinese in spanish is CHINO. It doesn't matter if you are from japan or chinese, oriental people here in Peru all are called CHINOS.The right spelling is Chino...it comes from chinese(a China national)..a generalized word used in Peru to refer about any Asian people, no matter if they are from Japan, China, Korea, etc.aExactly why.  Any Asian is called Cino (or Chino) and that's his nickname too.maybe becoz he is from japan
Means your dad has screwed his sister.  Having said that, I wouldn't immediately jump to the conclusion that whoever said it was insulting you/your dad.  In some regions in India, the above slang is used as frequently and as loosely as westerners use f**k.. . I had friends in my college who would start and every sentence (irrespective of whether they are happy or angry) with the above word.It means your Dad is an ***!  yeah it's a bad slangit" an abuse...meanin ur dad is a sisterfucker...or fucking ur sister....iam sure tht person is not ur friendit means "your dad's been fuckin his sister".no offence meant
to hide from the gremlins...because if the lights were left up full and god forbid you crashed! the reflection of the lights in the windows would mean that you wouldn't be able to see if there were any hazards or a fire so therefore you wouldn't know the safest side to evacuate from.
Summer - Max 23.5, Min 15.5; The climate is very cool and light woolens are preferred.Masoori will be pleasant right now. As it is summer the temperature sholud be arond 18-20 degrees C.
the chute might get suckied in by the engine. and the earths surface is made up of 3/4 of water so there is a greater possibility that the plane will crash into the waterbecause it is too hard to put them on and most people would not be able to do it in enough time to get it on and get out.  and most pilots when they realize they have a problem start descending so by the time people know they are going to crash they are too low.  They have life jackets because the pilot will try to aim for watter because it is less populated then landing in a city.  Also most problems happen on lift off and take off and most airports are near water.If u noticed... any flight travels more over a sea and less over land, so its more exposed over water and a parachute would do no good over sea. Also it might take long time for a parachute to open... so y waste space and time :)Your lungs won't allow you to jump from a plane so high up. The air is too thin. Also, like stated above the engine poses a problem.well most people dont understand the concept of pulling a handle to bring out a chute and what are you going to do when the plane is over the ocean? float on the parachute itself?Beacause,If the plane crashes and you fall your most likley to fall in the water , and if you have a parishoot it won't help beacause you will drown.if they installed that kind of technology in aircraft, we would never be able to afford to fly..... Can you really imagine 150 or 200 people being shot out of their seats into the air at the same time?  Now that would be a disaster...lolyou need to be certified to parachuteBecause no one would fly.There's a free ride down.First off if a plane crashes in the water and you have the seat that floats you won't drowned. At 30,000 feet the is no oxygen and it is freezing cold, so even if you new how to use your shoot you would die long before getting it open, and even if you were at a safe level to use your shoot the plan travels at 400 to 600 miles per hour so it would not open anyway.. . Stay inside and take your chances.
It's beautiful. I think I will even spend my honeymoon there. Although, some Swiss want your money and then want you to leave.don't like it... the people always rush, are not friendly... (seriously never met a person from z?rich who didn't think he or she was the best (don't know the word in english, i think it's "stuck up" or whatever that means))...Headed there next week....  will let you know....i thought it was one of the most beautiful and most cleanest cities i have ever been to. it is in my top 5 favorite cities ive visited.
?I wasn't sure exactly what you were asking, but you can find out all about Fukuoka from The English Fukuoka web site. (below) I hope this helps! *In and around Fukuoka are: Hakata Ward, Chou Ward, Sawara Ward, Tenjin, Iki,Tsushima, Shikanoshima and other islands. The site will tell you everything about Fukuoka.?I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid I don't quite understand...
As everyone else has said, it's normally a seven hour difference, except one week of the year when it's eight.  They start daylight savings one week before the USA.2 am.  It's a seven hour difference.7 hoursGermans are in the Dark Ages...
play games or sleep.sleeping costs nothing use your imaginationif you're interested in history, you could go over to valley forge park, and see the log cabins, cannons, George Washington's HQ etc.... or you could just job, bicycle etc in the park.  It's very lovely.
its sooooooooooooo awsum!!!!!!!! u hav 2 go!It's a world class facility and we're very lucky to have it here in Atlanta.  It took me 2 hours at a medium pace to see the whole thing, but I would plan for 4 hours because I didn't get a chance to watch the 4-D movie or try out the restaurant.
Yup, high iron content despite the rumors by some new age types that claim it is due to the blood of the fallen angels.crao_craz is right - below is another thing that might interest you:. . ============================================================. From the human perspective, it’s easy to forget that our planet is a volatile, dynamic place. . . Northern Arizona tells the story of the Earth’s constant transformation in its beautiful red rocks, breathtaking cliff faces, and remnants of ancient volcanoes, seas and lakes, all of which amateur geologists can spot from a moving car. . . While some visible rock in the Verde Valley has been dated at about 1.8 million years old, the formation of Sedona’s famous red rocks began in earnest a mere 500 million years ago. At that time this area was a hot desert region at the western edge of the continent that would become North America. . . Over the course of several hundred million years, the ebb and flow of oceans and powerful volcanic activity deposited several layers of different minerals throughout the Colorado Plateau. The most prominent ones you see today in Sedona’s red rocks are the deep red sandstone base layers (the “red” in the red rocks comes from rich deposits of iron), the lighter stripes of Fort Apache limestone about 2/3 the way up most formations, and the tawny-colored Coconino sandstone at the top, all of which were deposited between 270 and 250 million years ago. Then, just about 2 million years ago wind and water went to work on the layers, carving out the unusual spires, buttes and mesas we see today.. ============================================================Some minerals in the rock contain iron.  When these minerals are exposed to water and air, they oxidize to produce iron oxide, among other compounds.  Iron oxide is the same thing as rust, and it is red.. . This is an example of chemical weathering.
I like Geneva. I don't know which part you live in but when I was there there were lots to do where I lived.although i am from the german speaking part of switzerland i love the romandie and never had any problems 'wasting' my time with some 'natives'. it sure depends also on you to make your time worthwile in geneva.
Travelling by air would be the most comfortablew ay to reach lucknow. It is a 2-hour flight.flight is right choice other option is trainThere are these options:. . 1. Jet Airways . (Highly Recommended). . 2. Spice Jet . (unless they serve spices to the passengers and make them). . 3. Indian Airlines . (they treat passengers in first class like royals & get a lifevest and a airmask if an emergency and economy class passengers gets no lifevests and no airmasks & they treated them like crap). . 4. Air India . (Never will take it. Gave our family such a hard time at depature & arrival in India.. . 5. Kingfisher Airlines . (best of all is they serve free beer and also serve foergin beer, too)Take a flight. Fast n Comfortable!Taking a flight would be the best but if you cant afford it...the trains arent bad eitheryou can take a flight , check out th website of air deccan, jet airways for the prices. and for trains u cant travel because its safe for both woemen and men  and you wont get tickets too because all will be packed due to holidays. check out the website ... www.irctc.co.in or www.indianrail.gov.inThe most easy way is to take a flight from the. MUMBAI AIRPORT TO LUCKNOW.... . U can travel in train, but as a Foreigner, i dont think you mite like the train services... . . Try local airlines, nice & comfortable!. . Enjoy :)I would recommend that you travel by train in an AC coach. I emphasize TRAIN, AC and AVOIDING FLIGHTS for the following reasons:. . 1. Mumbai & Lucknow are well-connected by several trains that run round the clock. You are likely to find a train that departs from Mumbai and arrives at Lucknow at a very convenient time.. . 2. Most trains in this route arrive on time or are delayed by a maximum of 10-15 minutes usually. The punctuality on this route is much higher than average.. . 3. AC would be preferable to avoid the summer heat which can be very high. Besides sleeper coaches are bound to be highly congested thanks to the constant presence of at least 9-10 travellers who travel in each reserved coache without prior reservation. AC coaches will also be free of hawkers, beggars, etc.. . 4. The Mumbai-Lucknow (most flights incidentally stop-over at Delhi & then proceed to Lucknow) sector is not a busy/highly profitable sector, and therefore most airlines give it low priority. This means that you stand a much higher risk than normal that your flight is delayed a lot or even cancelled. The problem compounds if you plan to catch a connecting flight. Additionally some of these are small aircraft, and have extremely uncomfortable seating arrangements.. . I would say therefore that your order of priority should be:. . 1. AC Train. 2. Mumbai-Lucknow Flight (not sure if direct flights are available, i.e. without touching Delhi). 3. Mumbai-Delhi-Lucknow Flight. 4. Mumbai-Delhi Flight, Delhi-Lucknow AC Train. 5. Mumbai-Delhi Flight, Delhi-Lucknow Flight. 6. Mumbai-Lucknow Train Sleeper Class . . Source: Personal Experience, Friends
Terra Australis (also: Terra Australis Incognita, Latin for "the unknown land of the South") was an imaginary continent, appearing on European maps from the 15th to the 18th century.. . It was introduced by Aristotle. Aristotle's ideas were later expanded by Ptolemy, a Greek cartographer from the first century AD, who believed that the Indian Ocean was enclosed on the south by land. When, during the Renaissance, Ptolemy became the main source of information for European cartographers, the land started to appear on their maps. Although voyages of discovery did sometimes reduce the area where the continent could be found, cartographers kept drawing it on their maps and scientists argued for its existence, with such arguments as that there should be a large landmass in the south as a counterweight to the known landmasses in the Northern Hemisphere. Usually the land was shown as a continent around the South Pole, but much larger than the actual Antarctica, spreading far north -- in particular in the Pacific Ocean. New Zealand, first seen by a European (Abel Tasman) in 1642, was by some regarded as a part of the continent, as well as Africa and Australia.. . The idea of Terra Australis was finally corrected by Matthew Flinders and James Cook.From the latin word, "Australis" meaning 'of the south'. There were legends dating back to Roman times and also popular during medieval times of a "Terra Australis Incognita"... an unknown land of the south.
dial 01133 for france in general then at this point all french nb will start with a 0 (01, 02...) ignore that 0 and dial the rest (starting with the 1, 2, 3...) the person that answered the question with 011331 was right, it works for paris where all numbers start with 01 (1 if you're dialing from the states), so the 1 at the end of 011331 is already in the number you have been given,. basically including all international codes you will need to dial 14 digits in allTerry4me is correct:. . 011 33 followed by the last 9 digits that you have in the phone number.  There are no symbols to dial.you need the city code and country code of paris france. Call an operatorLook in the front of your phone book for instructions. first pagefirst do 011-331after that the number
The "best" Caribbean destination depends on what you are looking for in your vacation travel. While all of the Caribbean island are similar in many ways, each one is still very unique and has different attributes/ strongpoints that will likely make a particular island more appealing depending on your primary interests. . . For example, if you are interesed in West Indian Carnival, then Trinidad perhaps has the best carnival in the entire Caribbean. If you are a music lover, then Trinidad and Jamaica both stand out with their Calypso and Reggae, respectively.. . If you like watersports, Antigua and Barbados are places to consider.. . If you are the shopping type, St. Maarten is an island to consider.. . If you are the outdoor or adventurer type, look no furthur than DOMINICA (note that Dominica is NOT the Dominican Republic!). Dominica is the outdoor lovers paradise with the very best in hiking, mountain biking, diving, horseback riding, whale watching, bird watching, and more.. . http://cgi.ebay.com/4-Nights-Caribbean-Vacation-Holiday-for-2-in-Dominica_W0QQitemZ6621372797QQcategoryZ29579QQssPageNameZWDVWQQrdZ1QQcmdZViewItemhahahahahaha!!! Torquoise, you must be on the tourism payroll! I do tend to agree that T & T have a lot going for it. My spouse and I are considering opening a buisness there. Thing is that Trinidad is better for commercial concerns and Tobago is the nature lover's location. There are, however, islands with super beaches and water that are 100% geared for tourist (say US) dollars. . . Take a BWIA flight to T & T and you will see the latest tourism documentary.I ENJOY GRAND CAYMAN. ITS A BIT MORE CIVILIZED THAN MANY OF THE OTHER ISLANDS.Come on down to Dominica for wonderful adventure and all that's natural then visit Barbados -  beautiful beaches, harrison's cave (limestone cave),underwater activity...Culebra, Puerto Rico...it has the best beach I have ever been to - Playa Flamenco.  It's beautiful and the locals are friendly. Not commericalized, if you like rustic you will LOVE it.the best destination in the Caribbean to visit will without a doubt be the twin islands of Trinidad and Tobago. its the only twin islands you could find in the world and yet they are very differet from each other. Trinidad has the only pitch lake in the world, and is filled with flora and founa life. however if you are looking to enjoy you days on the beach, going to waterfalls, or just relax, then Tobago is the sister isle for you. you see Tobago won the island for best beaches in the year of 2005. these twin islands has a touch of all the other Caribbean islands. so come visit my home land of Trinidad & Tobago, two islands for the price of one.
crowded . hotLet me tell you man its perfect. Some time you might feel like its hot. but most of the Summer its really perfect.Hot and crowded.goneGoa is always beautiful. But it is hot in summer. Try to visit Goa from November to February.Hot and humid. The monsoon is there from April/May on.. . It's better in winter.Summer is the best time to visit goa.LUGHot and humid during the day. Evening are fine if you have some breeze blowing
There are currently no direct flights between the United States and Cuba.  In order to get to Cuba, you would need to travel to another country outside of the United States then travel on to Cuba.  When you come back into the United States, make sure that you don't have anything that indicates that you went to Cuba and if they ask, tell them you were in whatever country your flight back to the U.S. came from.. . Of course, this is considered illegal in the United States so I am just tell you as a theoretical exercise and am not encouraging this kind of behavior.There's this thing called a plane.  It flies in the air and takes you places.  Cuba is a place...You can get flights to cuba from Canada or MexicoIt depends on what country you are a citizen of now. If you are a US citizen it wil most likly be very difficult, because of the countries relations.Got to key west and row your way south for 90 miles.Swim 90 miles or try to get travel papers from the embassyride, a plan to the south end of mexico, and from there ride a curise to one of the carribean islands, and then just have a sailor take you to cuba, might at max take 4 days to get to cuba. however i must warn you that there are many theifs, muggers, murders, and sex peradoters there so be carefulGo down to miami or Key West. And pick the most convinent way. Its only 50 miles away from Key-West.
It cost almost no money to join one, most are open to new members. Many have websites so why not just write to them and ask to join? You might have to move but if this is what you really want then go for it.Go to your local grocery store and buy some packets of Kool-aid.  Invite your friends over and sit in your parent's basement with a few candles lit.  It's almost like being there.
Are you sure this involves Japan ? Beacause andre breton made the decleration in america and started the surrealist movement there !!!There's several Breton declaration, but I suspect the one you're enquiring about is the Breton version of "The Universal Bill of Rights" The other one is one by Andre Breton who in 1925 wrote "The Second Manifesto of Surrealism", an art manifesto.. . The Universal Bill of Rights can be, I believe, obtained on-line from a United Nations website in the section of "The Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights". In 1989, a Frenchman of Breton descent complained to the Human Rights Committee that his rights were being violated because the French government wouldn't let him communicate in Breton. A third Breton Declaration was put forth by a M. Breton and it was an Environmental Manifesto.
Jaipur and Ajmer are well connected by road and rail routes. However road route is shorter it is 138 KM. You can hire taxi but Bus will be a cheaper option - there are lot of buses plying between these cities - you can select cheaper bus or cosier but little costlier luxury service. Buses are available for Jaipur Main bus terminal at Sindhi Camp which near Polo Victory Cinema theater.by train or by taxiown car around 2.5 hrs, or hire a cab. cheapest option state roadways bus. need more comfort then take a deluxe bus whiteline.
Unless you count Dinsney's Blizzard Beach ;-)Cocoa Beach and Daytona Beach are about the same distance.Cocoa Beach is actually the closest beach to Orlando.  You can zip across the Bee Line Expressway (now also called the "Beach Line" Expressway...also known as State Road 528) and be there in about a half an hour.. . Cocoa is more "vintage Florida" than Daytona, in my opinion, and its also the home of the original world-famous RonJon Surf Shop.. . There's also a cool pier at Cocoa.Daytona might be closer...but the locals recommend Cocoa Beach due to the hurricane mess at Daytona.  Depending on where you're driving from, St. Augustine had a nice beach.Daytona Beach is. About an hour from Orlando (maybe a little less) It is a very nice beach! I vacation there every year!Daytona Beach is about 45 minutes up I4. Also, if you take the bee line east to Cocoa, it is about the same amount of time. Tampa Bay area beaches are about an hour west.my hubby is from that area and he says it is Daytona
depends on the region for amount of rain, it's monsoon season during that time. it will be pouring buckets.rainy warm and monsoon time in the southwestern area of the country. I'm going in June its not as rainy as July and august.hiwhats the weather in may?Hi, April signals the start of the rainy season so you can expect wet period. However, it will depend on where you are going as some places get more rain than other. It will be getting warmer by August as the rainy season taper off towards Ly Krathong, so where are you heading to?
There are plenty of Lions in those hills.THEIR DOMAIN IS ALL ACROSS THAT AREA. SIOUX OFTEN IN LAKOTA TERRITORY THE LION IS A GOOD THING
In general, but not a rule, women in poorer countries are less demanding than Western women.. . Lesser demands from women may sound music to many men.. . A language can be learned in a few months and perfected in a couple of years. The character of a person does not change that fast or does not change at all.because they can't score at home...To get a free maid.Depends.  I think in a lot of cases, so they can control the woman more easily than one who knows that they have a mind of their own.  Some simply want an exotic looking woman and would find a woman easier in another country.  I will say given the divorce rates in the US, perhaps the values of some of the women in other places will be higher when it comes to choosing a husband.  But for the most part, I think they do it because they know the other person wants citizenship and a way out, and they want someone to "respect," them more than the women they are used to meeting.Because the women from their countries marry "up" to richer, better-looking guys. In the case of South Korea, there is actually a shortage of marriage-age women.Because for some men it is hard to find a sweet, honest American girl who wants to get married and raise a family.some do try and find a wife in poorer countries, like the one person said many woman marry up or look for a man that can provide for them better than men in their own class. in the case of america this is seen often. it is rare for a woman to marry a guy who has less education or a lower paying job. he may be nice and sweet and able to support a family, just not as much so as the woman would like. therefore it is simply smart to find a wife that you can give a better life to. on the other hand i met my wife purely by luck. she just so happend to be from a poorer country than mine. i could care less where she's from as long as we love each other.These men have poor self-esteem and would like to find poor, desperate women who they can treat like sex slaves and housemaids ala Stepford Wives.So that their wives won't aspire quite high and be able to control themThey look more attractive to women because they offer an escape from poverty/financial repress. However, chances that such a relationship holds are very poor since the only thing keeping the relationship together is the money, and once the poor spouse obtains citizenship in the developed country she is free to seperate/divorce and look for more attractive opportunities. Relationships are tricky. They can kick you in the ass at any point in time.
It would be best to stay in America and go/write to the Canadian Embassy (there are many, including in Denver, New York, Washington D.C. and Chicago).  That way, they can send you the proper forms to become a citizen without quickly revoking your American citizenship. To make it even easier, you can (and preferably should) apply for dual citizenship to be a Canadian-American citizen and recieve the benefits of both nations.Immigration and Citizenship Canada is the best place to start.. . http://www.cic.gc.ca. . Everything you need to know is on that website.. . You cannot just move to Canada, first step is to apply for permanent residence, and that process takes several years unless your spouse is Canadian and can sponsor you.. . The CIC website has a quiz you can take that will assist you in seeing if you qualify, you need to score a min. number of points in order to qualify as a skilled worker.
Because he lost the election - which was won fairly and squarely by Prodi.. . Presumably Berlusconi didn't have a Daddy to buy him the election ...he cant find a good cook to make pasta and he is tired of eating from the Chinese take out /because there is nothing to do and prodi and the communist people are going to ruin italy... :[
It's about 25 euros per person.  We took my in-laws there for their 50th anniversary.  I think the Jules Vernes is the expesive restaurant in the Eiffel Tower.This is definitely not cheap : . Average "? la carte" prices :   42.5€ (about $50-$55). Menu prices :  21 - 27.7€ ($25-$35). Children's menu 9.5€ ($12). . Warning : those prices probably do not include the entrance to the tower and do definitely NOT include drinks.. . The view is said to be wonderful. I have never tried it myself.
Liverpool Lime Street Station does a combined rail and entrance ticket for about £40. This includes a return ticket to Uttoxeter and bus to and from the station to the main gates. Have fun!alot of places do coach trips it depends where you live.Many coach companies run organised trips there - they are often advertised in the local press and include travel and entrance.. . It is possible to get there by train and then bus, and many train companies have special offer tickets that include the bus transfer and park entrance.. . The site below gives details of these.depending where you live some companies do reasonable priced coach trips that get you there early in the morning and give you a reasonable amount of time there.Virgin trains stop at Stoke-on-Trent and there is a bus transfer service. It is possible to buy an all in ticket and save money.
Tickets are gone, unless you have special connections. Sorry. I wish I could get some myself.dont know
It was calmer than usual.  Fewer tourists, fewer locals... lots of costumes making fun of levee inspectors and FEMA.  It was kind of weird, seeing National Guard soldiers mingling with costumed freaks (myself included) in the French Quarter.  I had fun.it was great.  so many people came out to support New Orleans.It was like I remember from when I was a child -- more people in costumes, less rowdy. In a word -- nostalgic. The floats showed more ascerbic humor than ever, and it really showed the necessity of Mardi Gras. It was cathartic after everything that's happened.
A trip by train from Leiden Central station to Amsterdam Central station is about 36 minutes. The trains go pretty much all night in between Leiden and Amsterdam. But sometimes the night trains require you to transfer at another station, so it will take a bit longer.. . Round trips are € 13,80, unless you have a discount pass or travel with someone who has a discount pass (then you get 40% off)Plus, if you buy 5 re-tour tickets at once it is cheaperAs advised above, the train is quick and convenient.  Just pay attention to the last train in the evening ... late at night (after midnight or so) you can find yourself with longer waiting times and less convenient routes.
http://www.kasbah.com/resort_hotels/hong_kong_hong_kong.htmHOTEL KELLAPPAN & NARAYANAN'S TEA SHOPAll hotels on the Lantau island, where HK disneyland is at, are way overpriced.  If you don't mind travelling, you should stay at more inland hotels in Kowloon Peninsula.  YWCA at Yau Mai Tei may not be a bad choice, if you have a tight budget, but expect to take one hour ride to HK Disney, which probably does not open until 10:00AM
I think it is a good place - though, the people are too poor to have a lot of energy to be creative.  There are so many environmentally friendly ways of producing energy - and the Chinese so wise - I think soon they will allow their population to start to enjoy things - especially when they things like electric cars, pollution free appliances, ... when they decide to make things for themselves, instead of for the West... China has such possibilities.  Right now though, the people are too poor to have the creative aspect of their lives fulfilled.North of the North China Plain at. 39°28’- 41°05’N and 115°24’-117°30’EBeijing has an altitude of 43.71m. The Tian¡¯anmen Square at the heart of Beijing has an altitude of 44.4m. The lowest area of the municipality is in the Chaichangtun of Tongzhou District, with an altitude of 8m. And the highest is Lingshan Mt., with an altitude of 2303m.
There is a lot more salt in the salt water than there is in your tears.  Any substance that has a different composition than the tears really irritates the delicate tissues in the eye.because it has salt in itbecause we are sweet pplbecause of the saltsalt water doesn't burn my eyes. I must be unique.It shouldn't burn your eyes as tears are slightly salty.  It would really hurt when your eyes water or you cry otherwise!!Salt water is like spice which creates a sudden burn.
I find most nudists are old, or you probably didn't want to see them nude. The thought of old flabby privates flapping in the salty air is a little gross. I believe they call them selves naturists, by the way.Why wouldn't nude cruises be popular? I'de love to go.y do you think...so people can see other people nake!cause you dont need to take any luggage.well you aint gonna wear any clothesBecause there are naked women on them!!whats a nude cruise?
driving in montreal can be tricky if u dont know the city.  I would suggest that if u rent a car there then have a road map to map out ur drive first...its filled with one way streets.  there is a good bus and subway system there, costs about 2 bucks per trip or like 8 bucks for the day.  taxis start out at $2.50 befor u even start moving  LOL....but there is ALOT on St. Catherine street...stick around there and u wont have to go far...i dont know I have never been there but I do know that most of the cities i have been to in canada have extensive mass transit systems so I would guess MOntreal would be the sameit's not hard, Very  Close to the US highways system , Just make Sure You got a  map and you have dicerctions to your destinations and You should be Fine,In addition to Montreal drivers being bad, the pedestrians are just as bad too.  If you're driving, don't be surprised if people randomly cross the street in front of your car.. . The subway system in Montreal is great, it saves a lot of hassle if you're downtown.Quebec drivers are insane but you shouldn't have any trouble renting a car. Like most big cities parking can be expensive in Montreal. Public transit is very good there. I hope this helps.Most everyone in Canada knows that Montreal has the worst drivers on the road, so I'd steer away from renting a car.
I've been to different parts of Spain and I think one of the most beautiful parts is Andalusia. Go into wwww.andalucia.com and go under Destination you can read all about the different regions in Andalusia. Nerja has lovely beaches. Frigiliana is a beautiful village just outside Nerja. Seville, Granada and Jerz are lovely to and well worth going. Stay clear of Malaga, the beaches there aren't wonderful. If you go just outside Malaga it's a lot nicer.my favorite beach town is fuengirola, between malaga and gibralter.  the beach is nice, and there are lots of bars and clubs around town as well.  i don't think culture and tradition play too much a part there, since its largly ugly condos and brittish and german tourists, but the beach and the bars are quite nice.  for legitamate culture, seville and granada aren't far, though they are both landlocked.well my mom just came back from spain like 2 weeks ago.She was in Granada,Madrid,And close to barcelona.If you want culture and tradition the best place would prbably be Granada.And if you want to go to a beach and relax then you should probably go to Barcelona,she said they have some really beautiful beaches there and she said the people are really nice! so i hope u liked my answer to your quetion.
I don't know, I wasn't there! Sorry! Though I'm sure that there is a book on it somewhere, try amazon or google print!I don't remember.Rent the movie "Gangs of New York"GO READ A BOOK, AND FIND OUT. HOW ARE ANY OF US SUPPOSE TO KNOW??? WE WOULDN'T BE TALKING TO YOU IF WE WERE THERE..They wore cotton or wool based clothes and linens, They had music mostly folk songs but if you were rich you'd go to the orchestra, Transportation was the subway or horsesits very poorit's ruff on the mean streets of the city. alot of violence, gang's, anti- christ and rudeness. it's just hard out here that is why they say if you can't make it in New York you can't make it no where.Look for the book 'Paradise Alley' by Kevin Baker.  It will tell you all of that.  p.s. it's a great bookit was all gang territory.
Go to US visa office and apply for visa... It probably is a big  nothing.use the drug smuggling tunnel in BCi had a friend that went throught that and if I remember correctly as long as you have been pardoned you should be fine, call immigration office and ask or call your local police department and ask them if this offence still shows up on your record.
Before getting a French citizenship, you need to get a work visa.  The normal way of doing this is finding a French company that wants to hire you and have them fill out the paper work.  This, of course, means you need to have some skill that the French employer is looking for that he can't find in France as cheaply as he can hire you.. . After you have a work visa and live in France, it is a many year process to actually be able to apply for citizenship.France always is lecturing everyone around the globe about, "equalite""liberte" and" BS.. ete" the true , they are the most racist people in the whole planet and they have 0  emigration tolerance....Why you want to go there?France has its problems, but it's generally a really nice country to live in with an unequalled day-to-day quality of life :). . To get citizenship, you'll need to have lived in the country for 5 years, or only 2 years if you have studied for 2 years in a French university (the text is not too clear, but I suppose it means you can apply for citizenship after 2 years in uni). If you have studied for 5 years in a high school teaching in French, you can apply immediately.. . You can also marry a French girl, in which case you can apply immediately. Be aware that they will check if it is a real marriage, not a convenience one.. . Or you can also join the French army :). . So in general, if you are, have been or plan to be a student, you'll be very welcome. Knowledge is still far most respected than wealth there. Beware that, outside of large/touristic towns, not many people speak English, and even in them far from everyone does, so you'll need to learn some French beforehand, if you don't speak it already. Being American is no trouble at all, French people *love* foreigners who love France.. . Good luck!. . Edit: a further note... French people are generally a non-believer bunch (less than 10% practice), and generally consider religion to be a strictly private thing. Most will only discuss it on a purely cultural level, and proselitizing is likely to raise eyebrows, either in surprise or disapproval. I'm not judging in the least, but if it's important to you, you should know that beforehand...I'm not French, but I know that it is extremely difficult. Just like any country in Europe.. . However, if you are a resident in a common market country you can go live and work in any of the many common market member countries, including France.. . If you are in the US. You may be able to get an extended visitor visa, but I doubt very much if you could get a working visa.I think Calle should die in his sh*thole wherever it's at. As for France, marry a french girl, that's the easiest way to go. Good luck broLike some people have answered before, the French are very xenophobic so it would be hard to get French citizenship or even a working visa (especially now).  Just like migrating (legally) to any other country, my advice would be to meet someone who would marry you for the papers; if you’re an American citizen tons of people would want to bargain with you for a mutual arrangement.  Even when marrying someone it might be difficult because the process is long and extremely bureaucratic.  I would strongly advice to consider a different country in Europe as a starting point, the UK is more lenient towards American migrants and smaller countries like Portugal or Poland are much more welcoming than France.  Once you have a EU passport you can live and work in any of the member countries.  If your plan is to move to France because you love the language and/or the culture you might want to do some research on Belgium or Luxembourg.  If you’re going to go through so much trouble I would rather pursuit Switzerland, that’s probably the most valuable passport to have out of all the European countries (note, Switzerland is not part of the European Union)."English is like not even in the top 20 for sounding good.". . I see what you mean. There are hundreds of thousands of english-speaking "expatriates" from other countries who are living and working in France. It can be done. There is no overwhelming need to have French citizenship unless you are going to live there forever. If you jump through a thousand hoops, the French will let you live and work there with the appropriate visa. Try visiting France a dozen or so times before going into exile. The language is lovely, but daily life can be complicated. Bloom where you're planted, man. Then take it from there when you're ready.
Warm weather year around.  Theme parks for summer fun.  Great Tex-Mex food.  Great attractions like the Riverwalk and close to almost everything...the beach...tubing on the Guadalupe River...boating on Canyon Lake.not to mention Schlitterbahn about 20 minutes up I-35 in New Braunfels.
yeah, a provence (state) or city name would help. even a city, a provence or a famous tourist attraction nearby.Do you mean Qian Men in Beijing?you should give a city or province name, so we can find out the place.
Beirut is an nice place to visit, lots of coffee shops, sightseeing,friendly people, both beach and the mountains nearby, and you can also go skiing (in winter I guess..?).. Lebanon is getting more popular now that old tourist destinations are already a bit boring. One of my best friend is Lebanese, so she has given me lots of information.I love Lebanon.There is so much to see and to do.Would love to go back.it avery pretty placeLots of unrest. Fear of personal safety due to unpredictable terrorist activities.
This month, i.e April!. May is, by contrast, likely to be dry.Lived here for 30 years I think August because that's when we get a lot of floodingThe wetter months of the year are January through to June, according to the Bureau of Meteorology. See link below.
Take your bus to Jamaica Center and get on the 'E' subway there. It stops on 42nd at Port Authority...Go to this website http://www.mta.nyc.ny.us/nyct/maps/subma.... http://www.mta.nyc.ny.us/nyct/service/el...
I'd use a car if you have one.  Chambourg is not the easiest place to get to, it's kind of out in the middle of no where.Here is a map and directions. . http://www.maporama.com/share/iti.asp?CHOOSE_END=1&ITI_END_AREACODE=FR&ITI_END_COUNTRYCODE=FR&ITI_END_CITYCODE=183081&ITI_END_CITYNAME=CHAMBOURG%2DSUR%2DINDRE&ITI_END_STATE=&ITI_END_ZIPCODE=37310&ITI_END_XgoPointX=496209&ITI_END_XgoPointY=2243281&ITI_END_XgoSetLogicalScale=7&SESSIONID={E3E4F22C-2BB5-40F6-82AC-65F5B712D63B}
bartending makes killer money if you find the right bar! good luckWork as a waitress in a reastaurant, your salary will be of $1500 up to $2000, monthly + tips you'll get like $50 or $75 daily it depends of how much people will visit the restaurant.. . So we're in April right now, You begin working on May ($2000) + tips $50 dialy is in 30 days = $1500, so you will have $3500 enough money to go to europe and enjoy your vacations.. . $800 For Airplane ticket (Cheap). $2000 For the hotel. $500 For spending. $200 For shopping. . See everything is possible in life try it!I HAVE SAVED TONS ON TRAVEL WITH THIS PROGRAM. http://heinz.travelwayz.com/ . . IF YOU NEED QUICK CASH I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE 3 PROGRAMS!. http://www.heinz.moneywayz.com 1-888-279-8322 Ext. D9082. http://topsurfer.com/getws.cgi?referer=dogflea  FREE TO JOIN. http://herculist.com/members/index.cgi?dogflea69   FREE TO JOIN. . ********************************************************. .  MY FAVORITE SITE NOTHINGS OVER A DOLLAR! GREAT GIFTS! I BUY MY WHOLE FAMILY PRESENTS HERE!!!. http://dogflea69.mydollarshop.com. . THIS SITE WILL SAVE YOU UP TO 20% ON EVERY ORDER at MAJOR ON-LINE RETAILERS... ITS SO COOL.... http://heinz.shopwayz.com/. 1-866-889-0371 Ext: D9080. . if you want to own your own dollar shop.... http://dogflea69.mydollarshop.com/makemo.... . Make Mad CASH so YOU CAN SHOP!!!. http://heinz.moneywayz.com/
I think that the Olympic National Park in Washington State is absolutely stunning. There's a rainforest, old growth forest, the Pacific Ocean, Mountains, Native American artifacts, it's somewhat accessible on trails for wheelchairs, 4 lodges, 4 different visitor centers, and 16 campgrounds.. . You can hike, backpack, climb, ski, snowshoe, watch birds, ride horses, and fish.. . And it's beautiful.Utah has the best. Brice Canyon is awesome (my favorite) but there are several others all near each other. Best in USA.glacier natl park/waterton park beautiful scenery, animals come right up to you just a nice placeYosemite is AWESOME.  I've never seen anything like it.  HUGE rocks and lots of water falls.  It is a must see at least once.
There was upper Canada and Lower Canada. Most of Canada at the time was owned by the French and Native Indians. What was owned by the British was resolved in the War of 1812.The provinces of Canada were considered British colonies, except Quebec which was under French rule.  The British conquered the French forces at Quebec in 1759, after which Quebec became part of what was then called Lower Canada. Then in 1867 the provinces united as the Dominion of Canada.I don't know why?
The distance between mendoza and santiago is close to 400km as far as i remember, so its not a long journey... on the other hand, from the international airport, you can take a bus (tur-bus company) that will take in about 35 to 45 mins (deppending on traffic) to the TUR-BUS terminal in santiago, from there, you'll have to walk a little bit to go to the SANTIAGO bus terminal, where you can take a coach to mendoza.... . have a nice trip!. PS: you can get a return ticket for the stgo-airport journey that will be a bit cheaper that buy two single tickets... the return is open and valid for 90 daysGO ACROSS THE ANDES ..LIKE SAN MARTIN DIDIt's quite a distance - perhaps an overnight journey.  To get from the airport to the city centre/bus terminal, there are buses every 15mins that cost CLP1,200;  a taxi will be about CLP10,000.Santiago-Mendoza is a 5 or 6 hour ride, not more than that. (Who said overnight journey?? LOL) You can take a bus, it's not expensive at all.. . From the airport (A. Merino Benitez) you can take a bus, a shuttle or a taxi and you'll be in the city in about 25 minutes.
Ask a foreign legionair!Go to France join up, tell them all the naughty things you have done, they give you new I.D. High drop out rate tho and don't even thing about running away/changing you're mind. Helps to speak a leetle French.u first need to strip and they will give you a medical (touchy feely)Why? Why don't you stay and make things at home better so that the foreign legion comes to help you?
Because we're smarter than Americans. Because we pay kickbacks to the enemy in exchange for wheat and oilbecause their living on a continent that has beaches like from a hot erotic movie: bright sand, purple evening sky, the shadows of the trees are playing on their manful bodies and because their always ready.:))Maybe it is because of the isolation of Australia.... . Far from all the rest.... . Personally, I don't think that every Aussie is hot.. But many of them are! And how hot they are!. . I like the personality of Aussies, in general. I think their mentality makes them much hotter!I don't know but Country Music Singer Keith Urban is pretty HOT!!!they "hang" down underwell im an aussie and can safely say that yep, women down this way have alot of eye candy but believe me they arent all hot!! I was lucky to snag me a ripper!I DONT THINK THEY AREGotta be the accent..my personal favorite.It is a curse I have learned to live with.
Hmm...This is a very direct question.... So the answer is very simple.... . On all Malaysian Passport...it is stamped.... "This passport is valid for all countries except ISRAEL"..Because 2 countries are not friendly. Same as Pakistani, Irani and almost all Arabi people can't go to Isreal on their respective Passport.Because some countries don't recognize state of Israel.. Malaysia is one of them.Because we take Israel as oppressor and aggressor.They are using force to occupy land and killing innocent civilians in missile strikes.Malaysia is an Islamic country.. Israel is a Jewish country.. . They Muslims and Jews hate each other.. . A perfect example of religious intolerance?. . I'm a British ex-pat working for an International company in Malaysia and it's even illegal for a Malaysian to sign any form of business contract with Israel too.Non of the Muslim countries can have ralations with Israel. nor the citizens of Muslim countries or Israel can visit each others country & It’s highly restricted, Due to Palestinian-Israel conflicts.. . :) PeaceThis is all to do with religion and politics. Malaysia recognised the Palestinian. Which is at loggerhead with Israel (for want of a better term since peace efforts are continuing). So no link of any kind allowed. Period. That is why no go with Malaysian passport.we have meny muslims here that want to bomb themself for allah, i dont think they need malasian support to do thatMaybe Israel won't expecting Malaysian people in their country, I think... Or maybe Malaysian passport is possibly hard for Israel people to recognized the writing, WAKKK!! i don't know. Salam hormat
Kamari in the greek language means pride, boast, something to be proud of.. If it's with a capital K, hence a name, then it's a place on the east coast of the island of Santorini.Agree with Constantine Dkamari means.. my bright one..somthing that o mother or a father are proud of.. is the word that a mother say about her sun.I am from Greace...my bros hear this all day long..kamari mu .. kamari mu..
Be ready for the sun (can get quite hot 30C), possible thunderstorms, moderate temperatures, showers, anything!In a word - changable! It can't be relied on to be warm and sunny. We've had a mild winter so it could get a bit wet.Ah, Wimbledon time ! It can be expected to be sunny, or wet, thunderstorms , or calm, temps about 20C or sometimes 30C. Lots of strawberries.. In short, variable. But that's England.Roughly between 20 and 27 degrees.. Dry and sunny or windy and rainy with or without thunderstorms.. Dress in light layers and bring a waterproof!!. EnjoyIf anyone can predict the British weather, they're not human, trust me.  Expect the unexpected and brace yourself and you'll be just fine!!!
I always look at Ebay for such things. You may find others selling the same thing and know exactly what it is. Try the research function on Ebay to search past auctions that have already concluded.Go to the book store or library with it and there should be a book on the stamps and makers.
For a Budweiser! Didn't you ever see the Superbowl commercial last year? It proved it once and for all. That is the reason.To get to da other sideto get away from you...to get to the other side.Because they are chickens. Never seen a animal cross the road before.cause he canHe was pissed off!
The Shengen Treaty provides that all visas acquired in an EU country are Shengen-type visas, allowing movement between all EU members. But it doesn’t apply to work permits if you are a non-EU citizen. The Shengen Treaty was mostly designed for current EU citizens, it didn’t really take foreigners into special consideration. I wish there were a kind of Shengen Visa and I wish I had one!check the embassy website of the country where youre going,there youll find the procedure on how to apply.
South Beach is only the southern part of miami beach.  I would guess that people used to say south miami beach, but then it was shortened to south beach.South Beach or SoBe is used now probably because it is the area of Miami Beach that is most referred to in media. Most people do not realize that south beach is just part of Miami beach. interesting.When it first started to gentrify, it was "The Deco Area". This was soon discarded in favor of the handier "South Beach". . . It pretty much refers to about 45th Street and south, so The Dip and Wolfie's aren't a part of it.. . Lots of Florida cities have a "North Beach" and "South Beach", but with increasing popularity, Miami's became THE South Beach, rather like NYC's Greenwich Village become THE Village.
It is getting a last-minute seat on a flight at a very reduced rate. See the website below for more info.a air hitch is like a hitchhiker but insted of cars is airplanes and air hitch pay a Little money in flightsStand at the end of the runway with your thumb out and hope for the best.
I don't think that you can.  You'll probably have to take a cab.  What you could do to save some money is take the 450 to Pontiac and take the cab from there, it would probably save you some money.Honestly, I'd rent a car....befriend someone here, something.  Public transport here in the D is pathetic at best, and you can thank the automotive manufacturers for it (they lobbied heavily to have NO subway, & NO local train service years ago)...thus forcing locals to buy a car.  The buses are sad, cabs outrageous.  Rent a car.Im from detroit and I agree with Colorshift. If you cant drive b/c you dont have an international driver's license try the Amtrak train to A. Hills or the grey hound bus. That doesnt work, fork out the money for a cab or frund a cutie who would drive you for less
It really isn't meant to be the 'slow' lane. It's just meant to be there so that people can get off and on the highway.It's not really the slow lane any more.  Because everybody has this fixation that the right lane is the "slow" lane, they all get out of it immediately and move to the left. Since everybody is now jammed in the left lane or the middle and left lanes, these lanes slow to a crawl while the right lane is almost empty.  I cannot tell you how many times I have been able to barrel down an empty right-hand "slow" lane while all the idiots were sitting stopped in the "fast" lanes.The old geezers from Florida have to drive somewhere,don't you think?It's the slow lane because of cars entering and exiting the freeway.  This causes the traffic in that lane to be slower than the rest.because that is where you enter, and exit the road, and both of those require slower speedsBecause left is for the more progressive, fast-moving cars. Right is for slow, conservative cars.i KNOW i answered this before...On roads and highways alike, it's safer to be slow on the right, since that's where you enter and exit the road.  It's hard to enter a road where cars are driving fast, and if you brake to exit when people behind you are going fast, they all have to brake (which makes them mad).It evolved from the concept (in the US) that slower traffic (horses, mules, model t's, etc.) should pull onto the shoulder to allow others to pass.. . And, it is much more convenient since most exits are to the right, and if slow traffic used the left lane, it would create a big mess when people attempted to exit through lanes of faster traffic.. . It's just a habit that evolved with the invention of multiple lane highways and the habit of driving on the right.. . In the UK, it is completely opposite.It is considered the "slow lane" because you drive in the right lane and exit most times from the right lane.  It is keep right and past left.  Also you are expected to drive faster in the left land as opposed to the right lane.. . Don't you hate it when people drive in the fast lane and do the speed limit or under it?That is the lane where traffic merges on, and exiting traffic merges off from. Thus it is safest that the far right is the 'slow lane'.Because that's where all the ass holes drive!
Nah they don't give land away, your probably thinking of the process where you can claim ownership of land that is unowned.  As a general rule you get more for your money the further north you go.Look for land that is for sale, then you offer to pay them money for it.  Generally if you offer somewhere within 5% of what they are asking for and pay them in pounds, they will be only too happy to sell you the property.  A lawyer (AKA solicitor) will guide you through the process.estate agent
A little scary, but fun!i'm glad to see there's still an interest in the clubDepending on the size of the plane.  Large are exhilerating.. Small can possibly require a "barf bag"!Many landings can be a controlled crashi was wondering why the wing was shaking and when the engine will drop... :>I was 12 (many yrs ago) when I took my first flight. I really enjoyed it then and still do. See if you can get a window seat...you will enjoy the view.awesome best part is take off and landing!So scary....... but fun!!!!Hang on tight and pray.
You need to apply for Permanent Resident visa first. That process from filling up forms and gathering relevant proof documents to getting the actual visa can take anywhere from a month to many months.hespy is right follow him
Well you have to know maths, travel sciences and even some hotel management but trust me you don't want to make yourself a travel agent because the pay is too low!2 ptsI don't believe any formal training is required. Maybe you should try interning with one.
I suppose the fastest way would be by Eurostar train to Paris, then a connection to Rome, then transfer to Brundism and a ferry to Athens then a ferry to Mykonos. But really, I think the expense would be more than taking a flight from London to Athens and then ferry or connector to Mykonos. Lots of package deals from London as well.well... Mykonos is an island (in Greece), so at some point you would have to take the plane or boat to get there.You asked for the fastest way!!! Mykonos is an island in GR. You cannot go by train.The fastest way is to fly to Mykonos. In summer I believe there are direct flights from London to Myconos (you should ask for details). Using the train to Greece and then the boat to Myconos would be cheaper but you would lose precious time from your vacation and lots of energy. You will need your energy when you get there. Have fun.Myconos is an island that means no train.. If you want to go by train then consider that you will have to cross all Europe. And definitely you dint want to travel by train in Greece, thought we do have some new trains. The best and cheapest way is last minute deals. www.lastminute.com or www.medhotel.com. Chose something organized from Kosmar Holidays, or Amathus Holidays you will find thousands of travel agencies in London dealing with Myconos. Choose one and don't worry London is the only place in the world that you can have cheap holidays all over the world.There is no train to MYKONOS, not from LONDON, and not from ANYWHERE.   Mykonos is an island, so once u get to Greece, you will have to get on a plane or a boat to get u to your destination.where is mykonos?i no london,i live an hour  fromthere.
Why not use an online service like paypal, which charges a very minimal amount.. . That would be a good alternative.Open International Bank Account.
walk?I had the same question 25 years ago.. so i got a job as a photojournalist and I spent ten years of my life travelling around, not only for free but I was making money during the travelling.. . good luckGet a job on a cruise ship.. . I am serious. They pay all your expenses & feed you. All your salary & tips are yours to save.become a courierBe a street fighter. Take on challengers around the world, keep the money you win, and use it to move on.. . You should use Ryu as inspiration. Watch Street Fighter the Movie...Don't eat and walk!I know this sounds silly but-Google Earth. It's a really cool program.Find a boyfriend with money.That's not a stupid question.   I worked for a firm owned by an airline and got standby flights at 10% of the normal fare.   Hitch hike  and WWOOF; work on organic farms for your keep.   If you go to Canada or the US, drive cars for Auto Driveaway to get from A to B.   None of these suggestions are completely free, but they save you a helluvalotofmoney.Have your parents go on a world trip and tag along.http://www.globalfreeloaders.com/Rob small amounts from either people or bye stick-ups.  Then change names and disguises frequently while moving to each country or location insidedie and the have your family ccremate you and then spead your ashes from a plane, you'll be sure to be all over the world and YOU didnt have to spend a penny!!!good luck.....go to coolworks.comwork as a volunteer in social organization.
The Nation's Namesake Carrier, Air New Zealand, is probably your best bet.From the UK it takes 27 hours.  normally with a 4 hour stopover in KL, HK or singapore.  Or two hours and a plane transfer in one of the main aussie airportsWhere are you travelling from?. . I flew from LA to Auckland non-stop...First Class,,,Front RowLondon-LAX = 12 hrs, refuel then LAX-AKL = 12hrs
there is not economic,but there is a situation,only to the usa they own 3 billions and a half,not to mention others countries that they own money too,so the infrastructure is poor and everyday worse,bad roads,social programms disappearing,public services expensives,no more schools etc...=more corruption and criminality.I would like to say it is improving, but reality is gasoline prices are killing us. The good news is the Free Trade Treaty with the USA is very close to approval so the textile and exportation industries are bound to improve. Also, our crappy president (Abel Pacheco de la Espriella)  is ending its period and a new guy (Oscar Arias Sanchez) is coming in. He is not really new, he is an ex-president (1986-1990) who is also the only Costarican Noble Peace Prize winner.
Thai Ticketmaster. The Nation - english language newspaper. BKK Post. . Hope these help. - E-mail me if notBest place to look would be the Bangkok Post I suppose, I'm guessing they've got a website floating about, they do cultural listings.I'm not a music type person so I don't know exactly where would you find beside newspaper. But if you are in Thailand you will hear it commerced on TV, only the famous ones though. Are you in Thailand? If not, why concerts in Thailand?If you are looking for Thai music, get a thai person to look in a Thai newspaper.. Tewan Daeng at Klong Tan in Bkk has good Thai rock/country music nightly... Major foreign concerts will be advertised in bkk post or tv etc.. but the thai music can be lots of fun!!
Your local license bureau as well as any government agency/courthouse, will have information as to how to obtain your passport, and probably have the forms for you to take home and fill out.  You can get your photo taken at any Walgreen's, Kinko's.  This can take up to eight weeks for normal process, so don't leave it for the last minute.  There are agencies who can expedite this for you-it'll cost you about $200 or so.The post office has forms to fill out.the post officeThey have places that you go to get a passport. Ask any travel agent about them.
With an area of more than a million sqkm, you need to be more specific about the place you are asking about! And also the day of the year will change this information.. . However considering Lima as an example, for today the daylight hours would be from 6:13 am to 6:05 pm local time.It is the same time as Eastern Time (NY), without day-light savings.
Contact a local realtor to find an area that is suitable and close to where you are going to work.  Traffic is no fun.depending on how big and how much you want the house to be is where you want to live.  average in north, and west county, rich in south county! that's about all you really need to know!
It's hard to predict. Generally you don't need winter clothes but you may need a warm jacket for the evenings. Lately it's been very hot in the days, like 25 degress celcius, so bring summer clothes with a pair of pants and a jacket for the evenings.It's not bad at all normally. You should have a light spring jacket as it gets chilly at night. But normally it's warm ...
It's not completely west...so it's 'mid' west.  Otherwise it's called that becuase it is midway to the west.It is still west of the eastern part of America and central America is already taken.mid-east was already taken too.they are trying to trick people!
Janey, I will give you 2 sites. One in Japan and the other will be the main site.. . Just wondering why you are asking about this in the Vancouver category. Are you in vancouver and want to get someone from your country over to Canada?apply at a bank an dtry to get a mastercard too...Good luck getting one!. http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/offices/i want to work her
My heritage is Bolivian, growing up, people always thought it was in Africa somewhere. .   Before I went to Bolivia to study, I had a friend ask me if it was a safe place for Americans to go "being so close to the Middle East and all..."  I just laughed. I asked him if he had ever heard of Simon Bol?var, and that Bolivia is in South America.its not one of the more popular countries.   . . and its funny how they seperate "Mexico" from "Latin America". . hahhaaI don't know, but it should be listed. It is a South American country that speaks Spanish.Because nobody goes to Bolivia to travel!!!!!!1
Couldn't be better. There are some fantastic lonely places, Edinburgh is one of the most wonderful cities in the world. What do you want to know?Skye's amazing but only for a couple of days, by then you've seen it all.Edinburgh is beautiful and oh so romantic.  Try staying at Borthwick castle.  Quiet and exclusive.  Wonderful staff and although they are there to asist you always felt alone.  Wonderful!!!!!
A direct flight means that you departed from the point of origin in an equipment, then arrives somewhere for a stop, all the passengers have to deboard the plane and wait for the SAME plane/equipment to continue to the next destination, you don't have to change gates or get your bags you just wait for some time, usually around an hour.. An a non stop its just that makes no stops at all between the point of origin and the destination. Hope this helps!It just means that you won't have to change planes on either one. But the direct flight, you may go to another airport between your home airport and the airport you are traveling to. But you don't have to get off the flight, you will be on the same plane for the whole trip.. . Hope this helps!Many people think nonstop and direct flights are interchangeable terms, but there are differences between the two. A nonstop flight does as its name suggests: flies from one airport to another without stopping. A direct flight, on the other hand, makes stops along the way. Often, passengers traveling on direct flights make a stop at a midpoint airport and remain seated on the plane while some passengers exit and others board.Direct is on a straight line... nonstop. flight take you around the country to. see the sights.  or not.nothing....sounds like one stops different places before you get there and the other don't stop at all until you get thereDirect flights can be from A-B-C (stopping at B but without a change of plane).. . Non-stop flights are, well, non-stop.
Do you mean, "How can disabled people arrange for accomodation on an airline?" If so, just call ahead to the airline you want to fly with and find out what sorts of special arrangements you might need to make (what time to get to the airport, things like that).Differently-abled people are given special treatment by airlines and you can check in early, have a wheelchair meet you at the curb, and get on the plane before others.SPECIAL LIFTS TO GET THE PERSON INSIDE AND OUTjust tell your travel agaent to request an escort for that person and a nice lady from the airline will escort that person to their gateCheck with your desired airline and they will give you guidelines to follow and for your safety.  Tell them your need, and if you're a person that you will need your doctor's permission to fly, you will have to get that before you travel.  Whatever your condition is, check with your doctor first, and ask your doctor to give you a permission slip, which you will provide to the airline so that serve you better, should anything happen regarding your disability.When Jesus picks them up for a ride.
A city or an area of a country which is close to a travel destination, like the beach or a mountain for skiing, will spend money and advertise to let people know they offer something for them to see or visit. Sometimes, it's all about the tourism development, because the whole "resort" is man-made like Las Vegas.Its a development that will increase or facilitate tourism...like a motel or a fun park. Its often used to make the development seem better for the people of the area (more jobs etc)In Brum? You have a Balti belt for the balti people. A Chinese quarter for the people who can use chop sticks. A jewellery quarter for the people who want jewelry but not cheap crap from Ratners. Then there is the International Convention centre. The NEC. National Exhibition Centre. Birmingham International airport - more or less next door. Then Broad street where you can get drunk 24/7. Then the roads - on a good day a race track on a bad day grid lock - in the snow - your worst bloody nightmare. Then right next door yow gorra go an see the Black Country - where all the people are Yams and they have Yampy stuff and a brilliant museum outside in Dudley. Anyone looking for The Public - you're getting close now!It means developing an area for the purpose to enhance tourism to that area, for example, wether it is to build better transport links, more facilities, attractions etc...
We are already conquering the world in the sneakiest way... All over the world, we have Filipino caretakers and domestic helpers who marry foreigners and bore children of their own. Some of us also migrate to Canada, Australia, California, UK, etc. You'll never know that by 50 years, majority of the people around the world are half Filipinos, hahahaha!beauty pageants. filipinas are popular for thatno, no one can, not even bill gatesMy high school teacher from Philippine Science High School in Iloilo City conquered the universe. She had a planet named after her. She won the Intel Excellence in Teaching award in 2002 defeating about 4000 teachers around the world and Mass. Institute of Technology named a minor planet in her recognition, the Planet Biyo, a planet placed between Mars and Jupiter.Filipino OFWs are already conquering the worldconquer Mt. Everest. Good luck to all the teams planning to reach the summit this year or so.Aside from our ever popular OFW's and all those pinay X-cites in the net, as pointed from previous answers we do well with beauty pageants, we are presently conquering Mt. Everest, we have great Filipino talents we have to tap into. The point here is that "Iba Talaga ang Pinoy!" We can excel in everything we do. That is what we call Filipino Ingenuity.Invite everyone to your fiestas, my nephew and a friend of his visited here, and it happened to be Fiesta time in one part of our barangay. They went to Cebu City and around. That's two people won over and they went back to UK and like me told others about Asia's best kept secret.. Don't bother about conquering the world, let the world come to the Philippines instead.
I'm from Guadeloupe (French West Indies) and we distinguish two seasons:.  -Aug. to Jan., when you can expect rain, storms and hurricane even if it's not always the case. It depends on the year.It's still very warm then, the advantage at that time is that it's not TOO hot.. - Feb. to July, when it's hot and sunny and sometimes dry.. But of course it is the weather so you can't expect it to be always like this.It's Summer all year long!about 60 degrees warmer on averageIt just rains a lot in the winter.I dont know about the weather. I want to play the game.It rains a lot more in winter months,in summer time it is hot,sunny, breezy and beautiful.none!
yahoo maps or try a taxiGo to Bournville Train Station and take the train towards Four Oaks. Get off at B'Ham New Street and get on the train towards London Euston and get off at Birmingham International Station. It's a short walk from there.If you have £20 to spare get a cab all the way, otherwise the previous answer regarding the trains is valid.
6 hourTime difference, TIME difference!. . Italy is 6 hours ahead.  So it's 1:50 pm in NY, and 7:50 pm in Rome.one is a city and another is country...Visit Italy and you discover beautiful buildings and monuments.. . Walking in Rome is like walking into history.  Florence (Firenze - in Italian) you discover the beautiful art and palaces.. . Walk in New York and you discover skyscrapers mainly.NY is 6 hours behind Italy.New York is 6 hours behind rome.time difference is 4hrs.
Paimpozhil is near Coutralam in Tirunelveli Dist. U cud take a train or bus to Triunelveli and from there u cud head to Coutralam or Paimpozhil as its called by bus i believe. But from Chennai to Tirunelveli itself is more than 500km. Have u been to that place?After arriving at chennai,go to Paris Corner bus stand and go to your destination.Try the Egmore station in Chennai - Tamil Nadu's capital. Buses start from their to various villages and townships.. Good Luck.
If a major snow event is predicted by the weather service, city employees will often report to work before the bad weather actually hits.  They'll stay in heated offices near the garages with salt trucks and snow plows.  If they waited until the storm actually hit, it would be too late anyway.  Someone else would have to pick them up while on a plowing run himself.ploughs his way there i guess he must take his rig home so he can make it 2 work how would i know lol. have a nice daysnowkites to work if the wind's in the right direction !. . strap on your board and off u go...!He drives.  Snow plows are stored in huge buildings and when the driver gets there, he can use the snow plow on the roads.good question.... thats kind of like that saying.... if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound? haha good luck finding the answer, thats a good one.There are no snow "plough" drivers.. . Snow plow drivers have 4 wheel drive, you dope.
Isn't that where the Simpsons live?I live in the town right next door. It's like any city really. I prefer Boston over Springfield though.Can be.  The Basketball Hall of Fame and Museum is there with great exhibits.  You can hit nature and bike trails just outside the city limits.  There are also a few good brew pubs there.Springfield Mass regularly makes the list of the top 25 most dangerous cities in america.  Not a nice place.
There are 2 kinds of visas single and multiple entry. single you are allowed to enter the country only once before u need another visa . Multiple u can enter back and forth specified or unlimited (depends on the country) ammount of times within sertain period of time say 6 month or 1 yr depends on the country. hope that helpsIf you plan on going to China a few times within the next year or so, apply for a multiple entry as this will allow you to travel to the country without having to apply for a Visa each time. However they can take longer to obtain.. . Here's a great site for Visa info:. . http://www.justindocument.com/. . . One more thing if you're not a U.S. citizen but living in the U.S. you might want to go for a single entry Visa. Sometimes there's a lot of hang up in getting China to stamp a multiple entry in cases like these. I've done visa applications for people from varied countries going all over the world when working as an Exec Admin.it means you can enter into a country as many times as you want with the multiple entry visa,within the time period you have been given
For a start, go to the Department of Trade and Industry or the Department of Tourism most specially and secure the necessary information you may need. I know though that you have to get a business license from your local municipality/city, and that includes registering your name at the Department of Trade. Then, its always good to have your travel agency accredited by the DOT and IATA. You'll get all these info. from DOT itself.Are you Filipino?  If not then you need a Filipino partner bcs a foreigner can not entirely own a business in the Philippines. The best way to learn how to do something is find someone already doing the business.  Talk with a Travel Agent there...
A Blue Star Highway is a highway that has markers memorializing the sacrifices of America's Armed Forces in WWII.  The highway program was started in 1945 by the National Council of State Garden Clubs.Guess this is the one you're looking for
Maybe bc its so FREAKING HOT and HUMID. Or maybe bc the city folk are so superficial and hung on themselves they make the rest of us SICK!. . I can say these things, I used to live there.The whole thing doesn`t suck. Although George Bush did his best to make it suck.. . San Antonio is a cool cultured city. Many Texans are nice. There are good jobs in the big cities. . . I do think many states are better.Um, it doesn't.It doesnt suck unless you are talking about Amarillo Texas then I agree but the rest of the state is okWhat the **** It RULES and what I bet your from California right.  YOur a ********** BECOUSE the only thing bad about it is the baseball team.  live with it texas rules!!!!!!!!!the cities are cool, but that's about it. all the small towns suck, but it's like that in most states...It definitely sucks when compared to Wisconsin.
Learn English, be open-minded, be friendly and learn to love and respect other people esp. foreigners in your country;-) The rest lays on your abilities in studying. Choose what you want to study and choose an University where you wanna go.Not a problem if you want to work in England.. . No need for a workpermit :-Dpornstar
find a friend who has a fast car(U will never miss the bus)Depends where you are going, your age etc. From airports such as Stanstead it's Terravision but for most others try National Express.Yes National Express good. they have "funfares". Or if you mean bus rather than coach, buy a day explorer from First in which ever area you'll have unlimited travel for up to about 80 miles for a day....can get week ones too :DYou have to go to megabus.com thier fares are ridiculously cheap! Seriously I would travel from Edinburgh to London return all the time and it cost me about 10 pounds each way. It's super cheap and it goes just about everywhere. The only thing is that you have to book your tickets on the internet.National Express go to all of the major towns. You have to book in advance you can do that in their offices or online and if you are a student you can get a coachcard for about £25 and you then get about 30-40% off normal fares.. If you plan your itinerary well in advance you will be better off travelling by train. Contrary to popular belief trains are quite reliable, and they are the quickest way to get from city to city. Each company offers very low off-peak fares if you plan ahead.National Express is really cheap and reliable, especially compared to the cost (and reliability) of trains here.look for megabus. they have some routes between major cities for only 1pound one way. you have to book early and as i say they only travel between the major cities but they are a good bet. other than that try local council travel passes for short distances and national express for long distances.If you are travelling from London, try the Megabus. You can travel to various cities for anything between £1 and £3. You don't need to book in advance. However this will only get you from London to another city and no further. Look at National Express Coaches. If you book in advance you can get funfares which are extremely cheap. But they are advanced tickets, and you do have to have access to a printer as you will have to print off your ticket.. Good luck and have a great time!!
Yeah Max is right it consists of 6 digets (in some cases 7) usually one letter and 2 numbers then one number & two letters. Depending on the area of Manchester the Post code can start with M, BL, OL, WN. Manchester is a large city and now considered a county (Greater Manchester) so you reallly need the street and area of Manchester for a full post code.You do not need a postcode, just write the full address and it will get there.. . Whereas the original US zipcode identifies the post office serving that community, the UK postcode identifies a group of 6-10 private houses or one individual address for businesses receiving a lot of mail.A UK postcode (zip code) consists of 4 elements.  The first one or two letters identifies the post town and for Manchester this is M, for Glasgow it is G, for Milton Keynes it is MK etc.. . Each post town is divided into numbered postal areas so you get M1, M2, M3 etc.  These postal areas are usually numbered from the centre of the town outwards so for example LS1 and LS2 is the city centre of Leeds, LS3 to LS7 surround the city centre, LS8 to LS18 are around the edges of Leeds and LS19 to LS29 are the outlying towns and villages within the Leeds post code area.. . Each postal area is further divided into 'walks' or postal rounds which are again numbered. Finally there are 2 letters which narrow the area down to just a few houses or a single prominent building.. . The main Post Office uses the first postcode so the main Post Office in Leeds has LS1 1AA as it's postcode, the main one in Manchester would be M1 1AA and so on.. . Every address in the UK can be identified just from it's postcode and house number or name, e.g. PH65 4RT/4,. . Doesn't answer your question but at least you now know how the UK postcode system works.depends on the address, the UK uses postcodes to narrow down an address to quite a specific area, i.e a street or 2 you could try this website but you will need to set up a username.. http://www.royalmail.com/portal/rmreally depends where you are sending it in Manchester.... . Manchester is a huge city... and not to mention the UK zip code is a little more complex, if i remember correctly, its 6 digits...You can find out in the ways listed above, however just as a point of interest it's called a post code in the UK not a zip codeMYou wont need one just send your mail to:.  Manchester United Football Club,.  Manchester, UK.. It will find it's desination...
You want a visa to travel where?It is called schengen visa. and it depends from which country you come from.. the best thing you could do is ask the Embassiescontact the french embassy in your country
Malaysia Airlines?. Or perhaps KLM.. . These are my trusted ones and they don't burn your wallet.take air asia to thailand bangkok... from bangkok stay one nite and take thai airways... this is cheap by a few hundreds... . . check out this travel agent.. this people are good. http://www.airlotus.com/index.html
Phone the bus company. Or if they have a website, go there and have them mail you a schedule through the mail.get a bus schedule
They are not all called Lee. That is like saying all Canadians and American's are called Smith. . Lee is a family name popular in China and Korea."Lee" "Li" - is one of many traditional surnames in Chinese and Korean history; it is wrong to regard it as asian as the name do not apply to other asian cultures.LEE is the surname..why is smith a popular last name.. . just in our culture.. and in theresSame reason why John Smith is popular in UK. or Juan Dela Cruz in the Philippines. or Jane Doe in the US.. . LOLYou're really reaching for questions aren't you?  Sit back, relax and think.  Don't type again until you have a real doozy.Sorry, Asian people are not called Lee. They have their own unique names and identity, depending on which country and province they come from. You are mistaken here.Because that's their last name.. . If you're talking about slang, I think "Chin" is the more common derogatory name for Asians.They all related to Bruce ..I think maybe it's a common name like Smith, or they are in fact all related to Bruce and Jet, or maybe Lee is the closest thing to thier actual name that Americans can pronounce without slaughtering, and bringing shame on themselves and their entire family.
Dis is short for Disrespect. So it is easy to "dis" someone, it just means you are being rude and talking crap!More to the point, why would you want to? There's quite enough misery going around without adding to it.Ignore themDon't answer their question.Tell them offyour mamma's so fat after sex she smokes turkeyswhat do u mean. basturd
Hello,. . You must apply with the Consulate of the Schengen country of your sole or main destination. If such country cannot be determined you will have to apply with the Consulate of the country of first entry in the Schengen area.. . Regards.. . Martin. MediaVisa.netYou'll probably find this company helpful. They provide you with info, forms, etc.. . http://www.justindocument.com/. . Also try: http://www.eurovisa.info/schengen actually is a union of European countries who have agreed to allow borderless travel among their countries i.e. you do not require a passport to travel from one schengen European country to another who is part of the union. therefore if your travel advisory states a need to apply for a schengen visa, you simply hop down to your intended destination's embassy to get one.Go to the schengen visa office...?You go to an embassy that is part of the Schengan group, we applied in the UK at the French Embassy. The visa they issue to visit France for those that need a visa automatically is the Schengan visa. Hope that helps
I'd recommend taking Winter clothes because of the equator differences. If it is Summer here, it will be Winter there and so on. I would advise you to take a jacket/sweater, long sleeve shirts/long pants, and everything that could be enough to warm you in about 50-60 degree weather. Have a great vacation.it will be nice and warm,June and July is the Winter time in all of Australia. So I would take winter clothing.Yo mama!It is cool, but not cold.  50's(F). http://www.auinfo.com/sydney-climate.htmlWhen you go on your trip to Australia wear usually jeans, shorts, or capris. Then wear a t-shirt.  the wheather varies a lot.  The wheather is suppose to be nice, just like it is in u.s.a., but it's not as nice.  Rmember, it'll be winter there.
Here are 3 great tips:. . 1. Dress as a moose. .           OR. 2. Dress up as a deer..           AND. 3. Wala, you're in Canada.. . Just got a better idea from somebody.. . Cheers.here is the site. . http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.htmlcross the border.angelhimm has the right site.  if u r commonwealth it is easier.  u could also get a visa good for 2 years easily if ur from the UK.Dress up like a Moose and walk across the border!check with a lawyer who is expert in immigration laws
Some airlines give you bonus miles for checking in online.  Also some airlines to assign seats so you will get a better boarding pass the earlier you check in.  I find it more convienent because I usually just have a carry on, I can go straight to the gate. If I do need to check baggage I can go straight to the checking in baggage line which is usually shorter.If you are not checking a bag its a big benefit you can go right to the gate with the boarding pass you print on line.
The calm of Majorda Beach..just chill under an umbrella with a drink in hand and maybe go for a swim now and then... The energy of Baga and Calangute beaches..play, drink, laugh, dance... The rocking night life.. specially around christmas and new year... The natural beauty... Goa is Goa!It is most famous for its beach.. It has many monuments built by the former rulers in Goa.. To know more about it, go to . www.incredibleindia.org . and search about Goa.. To experience Goa, go Goa!The reason is:. . 1. Beaches.. 2. The People. 3. Life in India. 4. People of India (they are very creative and keeps themselves busy at alltimes.. 5. The food. 6. The Culture (all kinds of cultures in India). 7. The shots of International FilmThe white beaches of Goa.basically the beaches are really cool!!! it is kind of like california in USA. also the weather and fruits and vegetation is wow superb! i love goa. it is one of the best places in india!!!the beaches
use mapquest.Go to Mapquest, click "driving directions" type in your starting point, then your destination...there should be a link for reverse driving directions. If not, Yahoo has a similar serviceUnsure of where you are starting from in Edgewater, New Jersey , I would recommend visiting Trips123 at . http://trips123.com/trips123/plantrip_frame.html. They provide bus route and time infomation for New Jersey and NYC along with Connecticut.. . The closest subway station to your destnation would be the "Mryle Street/Wyckoff Ave" Station about half of a mile away . The L & M Lines intersect there at that station.. for a subway map visit. http://mta.info/nyct/maps/submap.htm
i agree sell it & buy another when you get here here is a link to a shop so you can checkout prices of TV's . http://www.thegoodguys.com.au/v3/index.cfmIt would be far cheaper to sell your telivision in the States, and buy one when you arrive in QZ. The prices here are quite good, and the prices are comong down.Sell your television and buy a new one there.  If you wanted to use your current television you would have to buy an electrical transformer for it.  Buy the time you paid to have your television shipped and purchased a transformer, it would actually be cheaper to buy a new one.You may find that it doesn't actually work in Australia.  Sell it on Ebay there and use your US dollars to buy on here.  When you have finished with it you can always give it to me ;-)UPS, FedEx, DHL, or a personal effects moving company that specializes on overseas travel.  Most standard international freight forwarders will not handle your shipment because it is a liability that doesn't make them any money.  Depending on the size of the TV courier service might be cheaper, anyway.You could use a courier service such as FedEx, but it's important to check whether your television will work in Australia. America uses the NTSC TV standard while Australia uses the PAL TV standard (same as UK and other European countries). Australia also uses different power plugs and different power voltage. . Getting a power plug converter is cheap and easy but if your TV isn't PAL compatible it's not worth shipping over. You can get good, fairly cheap TVs in Australia and you won't need to pay for shipping.
Today. .  . Mostly. Cloudy. .  Tonight. .  . Mostly. Cloudy. .  Monday. Mostly. Cloudy. .  Monday. Night.  . Mostly. Cloudy. .  Tuesday. .  . Partly. Cloudy. .  Tuesday. Night.  . Mostly. Cloudy. .  Wednesday. .  . Partly. Cloudy. .  Wednesday. Night.  . Partly. Cloudy. .  Thursday. .  . Mostly. Cloudypretty nice. 70s last week. 3 inches of snow yesturdayclear and warmPartly CloudyIn the Seattle area we are in the typical "April Showers bring May flowers" mode. It's been in the mid-high 50s partly sunny to partly cloudy with off and on wetness.well it snowed yesterday and right now its brick cold outside and windy. NJNot really cold, but rainy most of the year.In Tacoma, WA it's overcast.  Temp is around mid 50's with a light drizzle now and then.  Not bad, but a bummer after the beautiful sunshine we had last week.was scorchin earlier, pissin with rain now :o(very niceAbsolutely gorgeous in Mississippi! It's sunny about 75 with a light breeze. The sky is clear blue while the trees lightly dance to the sound of chirping birds .typicaly english its wet
There are three ways to go to T&T . one is by airplane. second using the ferry to port Sapain taking it at Guiria. third using small boats from Guiria to Port Spainyou can take a flight from caracas or margarita island, or a boat from cumana, puerto la cruz or porlamar.Try this page, www.despegar.com you could find usefull information.BWIA and Aeropostale both fly from Port of Spain to Caracas. , there are also flights from Magarita.By plane or boat.
having taken the very LONG flight between these two cities, i would avoid the boat since it would be even longer if there even is one available. try United for non-stop serviceSee your nearest travel agent. They will have all the info required. It is not a regular sailing but they will be able to advise you when the next one is due to depart. Alternatively, contact P&O cruises.
Simply and briefly - set hours, usually comes with some entitlements to vacation leave, sick leave, and other benefits normally not available to casual workers.. . Permanent job is more stable and usually an employee under this category has to be given adequate notice according to the employment act, unless the employee has violated a major disconduct.A permanent job can be full or part time.  It is a job which has no end date or fixed term.  You will be employed there until either you resign/retire or are sacked/made redundant.  The opposite is a temporary position where the job is for a set fixed period.if you are refering to employment ,i would say that a vocation such as a doctor, nurse, minister or preist of whatever faith,aid to help the end of famine,work for world peace, and suchlike will permanantly keep any-one occupied permanantly for a  l    o    n    g  time.............It means a job which u can never leavelifelooking a flower:))
you can get off at ayala station then enter the SM department store. i think it has a connection to Glorietta, then Landmark, then out to Greenbelt 3. You don't have to go out of the building(s). You can do this if it's okay for you to walk and not spend so much for your fare.I would try and take a cab. MRT is always full and people will either squish you, step on your feet or feel your butt.try walking taking a taxi is more stessful .Take a cab.. . It's faster, stress-free and a sensible way to travel a high-traffic area.
On foot mostly. Also by horseback, mule, boat, and wagon.Horses.
Millon Adolescent Personality InventoryMAPI - Modified American Meal Plan. . that is Breakfast and .           Lunch or Dinner
There are no easy ways!! They don't want you!my way.... . Step one:. Get boyfriend to be hired on my american company starting a euro branch in holland. . step two:. accept said company's offer for boyfriend to live and work in holland.. . Step 3:. Have company pay for most everything, rent, immigration costs. . Step 4:. Have boyfriend invite you to come with and have company pay for you as well being that you are now considered "family" by dutch law. . Step 5:. Apply under boyfriend's Kennis Migrant visa...get residence and work permit all at once :)  . . Step 6:. Live happily ever aftermarry a dutch! work permits are not given so easy! travel the country first, see if you like it and try to connect with people there.Start with a Passport, then get a work permit and become a citizen.The way to stay there the longest period of time would be to get a visa first (which you would also need to have a passport to get), and then getting a work permit. I found the webpage with all the information you would need, and I listed it under the sources section.
Here is your official time clock. Enjoy. The Time difference changes depending on east or west canadian coast.Depends on which part of Canada, but if it's east coast (ie.Toronto), you will be 16 hours ahead. Add another 3 for Vancouver. Hope it helps.Well... it is currently 6:12pm here in NSW ;)... so if you can figure out the time from when you receive this msg u will know... lol
I have received an e-ticket by e-mail after I purchased a plane ticket.  This has my confirmation number and works at check-in the same as a regular ticket.An E-Ticket it like having a ticket without the paper. You have a confirmation number. You that go to a Kiosk or the desk of the airline you're flying and they issue a boarding pass which you use to get on the plane. The below is some more info from a website.. . . . An e-ticket (electronic ticket) is a paperless electronic document used for ticketing passengers, particularly in the commercial airline industry. Virtually all major airlines now use this method of ticketing.. When a customer books a flight by telephone or using the Web, the details of the reservation are stored in a computer. The customer can request that a hardcopy confirmation be sent by postal mail, but it is not needed at the check-in desk. A confirmation number is assigned to the passenger, along with the flight number(s), date(s), departure location(s), and destination location(s). When checking in at the airport, the passenger simply presents positive identification. Then necessary boarding passes are issued, and the passenger can check luggage and proceed through security to the gate area.. . The principal advantage of e-ticketing is the fact that it reduces booking expense by eliminating the need for printing and mailing paper documents. Another advantage is that it eliminates the possibility of critical documents getting lost in the mail or being sent to the wrong address. . . http://searchsmb.techtarget.com/sDefinition/0,,sid44_gci780616,00.html
Actually near the sea its not the sweat but the environment which makes you feel sticky. If the temperature is ame you will sweat same amount whether you are sea side or far from sea. But near the sea the humidity in air is more and hence the rate of evaporation of sweat is slow which makes you feel sticky and also attracts lots of duct and grime.. . In dry place sweat evaporates faster.Your sweat, as it dries slowly on your hot skin, is sticky.  And dust clings to you because you are sticky, which makes it even stickier.  That's why it feels so good to go wash it off in the water every so often.  But then, as the salt water dries . . . oh, well.  Go home and take a cool shower!because  yr  a  honeyThe hot sun pushes hot air upward and the water from the sea evaporates with it thus causing greater humidity than inland.  With that, sweat is more profuse and the dirt has more material to cling on to - the sweat.  Sweat and dirt combined make one sticky.Because its hot and you sweat.  Maybe the reason why you get sweaty is because you dont live in a hot place and you're not used to being somewhere so hot.
Dungloe in Donegal? Get the bus to Letterkenny. Then another bus to Derry/ Londonderry, and then the bus or train to Belfast. If you have a car go the same routeThe Stena Line operates service from Dungloe to Belfast
Don't drive in Japan. I have tried it once and it was hard.. Everything is opposite to Canada and the USA.There is no such thing as an international drivers license. It's a scam and a gross misconception but that's a fact.. . I found these items in reference to that: . . (1) The Wisconsin Department of Transportation (WisDOT) warns drivers that international driver's licenses do not exist. They are a scam. Any individual or company trying to sell them should be avoided. Claims regarding these non-existent, worthless documents are many and are increasing on the Internet.... . (2) FTC hits at International License scam. Date: 2003-01-20 . Too many demerit points? License suspended? Want a license that can never be suspended or revoked? Dream on! Bogus offers of such licenses are common place on the internet, but purchasing one is a waste of money and an invitation to trouble, says the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).. . "Although an IDP (sometimes incorrectly called an international driving license) is a real document when issued by the proper authorities, it is not a legal alternative to your state-issued license," says the FTC in a new page on its web site." If you are stopped by a law enforcement officer and present an IDL or an IDP as proof of your identity and authorization to drive, you could be arrested.". . Ads and offers for fake IDLs and IDPs are showing up on websites and as spam email, says the FTC. They also are sold "on the street" and through storefront operations, prices ranging from $65 to $350. Many of the scam attempts target non-native speakers and recent immigrants, says the FTC. . . Source(s):. . (1)http://www.drunkdrivingdefense.com/natio.... . (2). http://www.drivers.com/article/615/...Everyone in this page has had a valid point, except the old guy, because he went wayyyy into the left field foul.. . Where are you going to use this license.. . Int'l Licenses do not replace US licenses. Don't try to pass off your Int'l permit, because it will get you in trouble with police.. . AAA does provide the steps to getting one. Look into it.. . Ask yourself if you really need one. US driver's licenses have an unofficial full-faith and credit in Canada and Mexico (as long as its short term) and the caribean.. . Ask yourself if its safe to drive in the country you will be at.  Driving on the left side of the road (like in japan or england) will be like learning to drive all over again, and everyone screws up in the beginning of that. Or maybe the traffic is insane. I have personally driven in Taiwan (illegally with my US license, oops but I was caught on a scooter only) and I can say any country that is a city or capital will be like a true test of driving skill, because you'll think New York City and LA will be cakewalk when you get to super rush hour with psycho taxis jockeying for lanes.  Or alternatively, why don't you take mass transit anyways. Most big citys (in Asia at least) have extensive mass transit on par with New York or Boston. Use that, stay off the road, stay alive.. . When aaplying for an international license, you will have to take a short exam too, i believe (i forgot now), to gauge your skills at international signs and such. If you suck at that, then they will deny you.. . Anyways, really take into consideration everything. Is cost-versus-time really worth it?make one i'm sure you have enough technology over in japan!. . Now thank you come again!is there such a thing?Hi, before you go applying for an international driving license, please check whether is it valid there. An international driver license basically allows a holder of a valid driving license to drive in a foreign country with the same recognition as a driver permit in that foreign place.. However, based on my personal experience, some countries driver license is recognised and your local license is good enough to be used.. Typically, your Automobile Association can issue you with one, if you need it, or your country's tranport department may be able to do that too. Check it out in your own country's transport website.. Good to know if your intended country of visit recognise your local driver license before you apply for an international onee. Cheers.I can't believe some of the answers provided above.. Some guys in US are really dumb and don't know shit when it comes to anything 'international'... . If you are American, you can get it at AAA. Cheack out the URL in the source (It's GOV domain, so it's legit).. . Basically, it's a translation of the driver's license you posses at your own country, and it allows you to drive or ride samce class vehicle in foreign countries. It's good only for one year.i think my dad got one through AAAIf you plan to drive in Japan while on vacation, you need to get an international drivers' permit in your own country before you get to Japan.  In the U.S., only the AAA issues them.  You have to have a valid license for the state where you live and pay a fee.  Japan requires non-Japanese who actually live in Japan to convert their foreign license to a Japanese drivers' license within a year (this may or may not require an actual driving exam depending on whether or not Japan has reciprocity with the other country), so even with a valid international permit, after a year here, you'd be considered as driving without a license.. . For Japanese wishing to drive while in the States, JAF issues international drivers' permits to holders of valid Japanese licenses.
http://travel.state.gov/passport/passport_1738.html. . You can download the form. Get two passport photos. AAA takes them as well as photo shopsGo to the Local Post Office...or if you have dual citizenship or are a resident from another country, contact your embassy.Get an application at your local post office.  Fill it out, get a photo (AAA takes photos for it) and return your application.GO TO THE POST OFFICE AND APPLYHi, go to your local post office to get the application, fill it out, get your passport pic taken and take it all to your local county courthouse for filing.  That's how I had to do it here in PA.  Good luck.Go to your local post office. Applications are there.You can go to the post office. When my husband had to get one, we had to go to the city municipal office and he had his picture taken at walmart. If you live near a larger city sometimes they have places where you can get it all done the same day, but its very expensive.This website should helpyou can go to the post office, or the DMV and get a passport. many stores will take your picture. i know maier will, jewel will etc. you'll need to bring a photo id, proff od address or residentry, social security card, and maybe birth certificate.You can go to the post office it is very easy. Make sure you go to the main post office in your city or town, it will expedite the process. You can also visit this website to download the application as well as answer any questions:
Try looking in your local yellow pages.  In my city, they did the photos and everything at the main branch of the post office.You get the forms online from the state department.  it is a dot gov.  don't need to pay.  ignore the sites that ask you to pay for it.  then fill out the forms, you will need your birth certificate, two photos that meet very specific requirements and maybe other things.  Then you take them to a local processing point, which you also look up on the net.  Usually a post office.  Wait in line.  You can pay extra to have it expedited (processed faster).  Then your passport comes in the mail.if you go to city hall, the post office, or a vacation agency they can all help you.try city hallDo a google search for get a passport.  Their are very thorough instructions, including links to places you can get them on line.just go to the imigration office, they will make u a passport.
If the problem is the customs, that's US' affair, but they would have informed you if they had taken anything. About have being taken or stolen, it can happen, but I have never heard about that in Spain.. However, you can use a private company. Correos has also special services or insurances.Send it by UPS, DHL, or other air mail services that won't open your mail.Go to the correos - get the box, pack and ship and wait and wait and wait ..... . it took nearly 2 months to get our box. . . The most worrisome part was that the tracking feature on the correo site said "have no information on this item".. We thought it was gone forever and one day it showed up.. . We didn't choose the quickest option (expensive), maybe you should.if customs opens anything they let you know with a sticker on the letter or package, so it got stolen. use card board boxes, make them the size that you need if you have to, then brown paper, and then the address in the customs form. Also if you insured the letter, you can go and put a claim in the post office (correos), and if you can, find another office to use.Usually the post office doesnt take the letters together with smth else! If you are sending a letter-it should be only the letter! If you wanna send smth else you have to make a special package & write the contents on it! Plus you should ask the post officer to show you the list of the things that are permitted to send via mail! When the customs open the package in this case they write some kind of official paper, showing the reason of excluding the stuff from the envelope! Plus if you send smth expensive it should be the subject to tax in the country you're sending it! And all the post services ( even DHL, UPS & FEDEX)are demanding the same requariments! Its just more safe & quickly to send by that servises!
yahoo search. find a real estate agent in Spain. communicate to them by emails and the Internet. Good luckContact a Real Estate Agent in Spain and let them know what you are looking for.
Speaking French and English will obviously be a great start, but it depends on other factors such as your work experience, whether you have any special skills or qualifications which are in demand in Quebec AND which cannot be filled by Canadian citizens, and also your level of commitment to integrating into Francophone Quebecois society.. . You might consider going to immigrate ´en region´ as many immigrants are attracted to Montreal.  You should consider Quebec city as a base.First of all, you need to know french speaking.
Wrong question. . You should ask "Why do I emmigrate to Japan?"First, you need to be in Japan, and have been living in Japan for a fairly long amount of time.. I would start by getting that lined up. First things first, you know?go to  nearest  voyage agency and take a ticket for a city in japonstart digging when I was 8 yrs old i made it there and back it only took me 4 weeks
Try flying to Jamaica or Dominican Republic, then to Cuba. Less chance of offending the US gov't.You wont "offend" the US for flying from the states... BUT you can't even fly FROM THE STATES!. If you go, you need to fly from Jamaica or Cancun.. Plus you need to have permission 1st, AND the chances of you going are higher if you are a born American citizen, our pathetic President no longer allows Cuban-Americans to visit their own land legally other than every 3 years!. (I wont be voting Bush next election)You can also go via Panama but it's expensive.
Southern Indiana is wet, wet, wet, but sunny. We survived another ridiculous thunderstorm that lasted most of the night.It's annoying and tentative in Singapore, Singapore... The weather is either blidingly bright, scorchingly hot and terribly humid...or pouring cats, dogs and dragons(lightning and thunder).gday. . here in sydeny 'astralia' it was 30 degrees celcius, with no wind and blue skys. Now at night it is humid, hot and wind free. Im off to go kangaroo hunting now.yes it is. in Kiev is cold.It'sraining in Moscow,it is cloudy and 13oC in Salisbury, UK... Shame really it was lovely and sunny a few days ago.Hi there, here in Brighton, UK is cloudy but at least not raining!! The temperature is 14 degrees (Celsius)and we are hoping to have a lovcely hot summer.well the other day it was so hot that i was outside playing baseball and soccer and working up a sweat.  yesterday my co-worker couldn't get to work because she was snowed in.  Oh, life on the prairies!!! NOW THAT"S A GOOD ANSWER
I lived in Key West for over eight years, I wish I were there right now! Key West is surrounded by a reef and this breaks up most wave action long before they get to shore. Also, that is the reason that very little sand is washed up on the beaches there, most of it is brought in at night by the truckload for everyone to enjoy the next day. Have a great trip!the water is shallow the waves are there they are just smaller the different colors shades are for the same reason the shallow waters allow you to see the bottom or reflected light from the bottomKey West has no waves because of the surrounding reefs. The color of the water is caused by the various vegetation sand and corals under the water. If you want to see waves in Key west just stay there during a hurricane. I had that pleasure once as a hurricane brushed the island and there were plenty of waves. The lack of waves however usualy makes for GREAT snorkeling because the water stays real clear most of the time.
AirplaneVisit the American Embassy in London.  I think it's technically American territory.New York to London or Boston to London.  . . Take the Concorde.Quickest flights are to Boston or NYC. Pick a day when the headwind isn't too strong.
Good question. I'd submit it to one of the auto manufacturers & see if they implement it. If you want to get paid for your idea you might want to patent your idea first (costs $15 + patent attorney fees).My car(cobalt), tells on the dash under the rpm`s , when I am out of gas, need oil change everything I need to to know.
terminate means "to end"  so it is the end of the flight.  End of whatever...That's where the flight "terminates".. . (from Latin terminalis, from terminus, boundary)
It's "chateada" and it means hurt.You use it when someone does something to you that you don't like.You say " Estou chateada"(I'm hurt),if you're a female,or "Estou chateado"if you're a male.. . This is Portuguese,the language spoken in Brazil. :)I agree with Moon. Good answer! And the right one too :)The first answer from Moon is correct ! it means they are hurt
You wont have any problems if you are honest, direct and friendly.  Think before you speak, but only if you are abnormally prone to putting your foot in it.  As with any prejudice, anti-Americanism falls away in the face of a pleasant representative of that group, and I think the stereotype of the obese, check-trousered, rough-shod riding Yank abroad has pretty much died out, even here.. . Enjoy your stay, and I hope you'll meet loads of new friends.Well don't worry so much first of all.  Be open and friendly, ask about the local culture, do some research on the area so you're not clueless.  Don't relate everything back to the States, this can be interpreted as rude.  Listen when someone is talking to you, don't talk too loudly.  Other than that just try and fit in as best you can.  Go out for a few beers in the pub, relax, go with the flow.  Good luck.  I'm from Irelaand by the way.Find the biggest guy there, and kick his a**. . Once everybody sees that you're hardcore like the Americans, and that you mean business, they won't mess with you anymore. And if anybody does mess with you, pull out a tank and blow up their whole freaking country.. We'll teach those Brits to make Nuclear weapons! Let's steal their oil and start charging $5.00.00 a gallon for it!!!!!!!!!As a brit in  the US. Go where the locals go. DOnt   wear  plaid pants and dont shout.Americans tend to shout  a  lot.
Any place has it's racist population, the number just varies from city to city.. . From what I've seen, as long as you don't make too much a fool of yourself you'll be treated just fine.Its Just Not Alabama Its Other States To. There Not Treated Well At All.Like everybody else. Why the hang-up on race?not so sure am from new york and they are treated pretty decent over hereNot much different than any other southern city.  It depends on the area.  In my experience,(I'm white) a well spoken, hard workin, well dressed person of any color gets respect.  There are pockets of the old ways around, mostly in the older folks.  The worst thing about Tuscaloosa is the traffic, nobody knows how to drive.they are spoilt rottenWell, it is the south so I would have to say that they get treated pretty badly. I grew up in the south and the worst states for racism I've been to are Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, and South Carolina.What do you mean exactly by 'Black people'?.
intense,progressive ads about malaysia,the people,the beaches,the nature and yes...the food!!advertising. They did huge advertising stints in Australia and NZGood advertisements and by word of mouth. Been there many times, and it's far more better than the neighboring asean countries. The multiracial society makes it really unique. And of course with the multi culture comes the variety of good food too! . . "Been there, done that" and i can tell you "Malaysia is truly Asia".i must say, by full support of the authority.Very friendly people.. They have a great religion.. . Amazing weather! . Really good food.. . Building are unique.. . Nature, beaches, trees and the islands are definitely extraordinary...Malyasia is full of multi cultures and heritages, all the races live peacefully and friendly, most of us can speak multi languages. Malaysia has only warm weather around 31C, no hot summer or freezing winter, you can dine & shop in modern city, relax at beautiful beaches, exploring in one of the oldest forest. And, our living cost is the lowest among the South East Asia. . . So, why are you still waiting... see it and feel it yourself :>the beautiful beaches,the food.. i must say..
Cause until recently, they were the tallest building in the world. Look the site below for the Updated Top Ten!now taipe,101 is the tallest in the world and the second is twin tower,88.but TWIN TOWER is always has good looking between another towerits no longer the tallest since 2 years ago :)did you also know tht this tower was built just for glory and until now' we've not settle the dept and are forcing local IT firms to be in this building as a pre-requisite to have MSC (A status for IT firms in malaysia) status.Because it is, the sears tower could be tallest one but it has something in its top thats no part of the buildin, so it doesn't apply.. . _not now, Taipe 101 is currently the tallest in the world (but not for long) Petronas is just next to it.because it has 88 floor with at least....i dun know..too tall...yup it is not now the tallest.taipei beat twin tower for the world tallest.but petronas twin tower is still the tallest twin tower in the world.hahahIt's the tallest TWIN TOWERS in the world. Remember WTC?
There are a few countries that allow for skilled and fortunate individulas to get rich.. New York, New York USA (really just about any big city in the US). Dubai in the UAE is going through tremendous growth. Just about any big city in Australia. I would suggest however improving your writing and communications skills firstmarried one
The Khans!. . Genghis Khan, up till his grandson, Kublai Khan.. He conquered China, Afghanistan, Persia, Azerbaijian, Armenia, Eastern Europe all the way to Vienna and Japan.maybe the romans becaseu they conqured like, what, half of the known world then, right?
Right now it's cold and rainy. Hope it's better where you are.Normandy enjoys oceanic weather, a bit like the South of Britain. Never very cold but often wet.i don't know, i live in England.i belive it's a rainy weather... let it be that way!
Moderate.It is summer time. But then again, you can find 4 seasons in NZ anytime of the year.September is the beginning of Spring.. So the weather isn't cold but not that warm either.. Depends what part of the country you are in, the further north you go the warmer it gets.
40 mph winds. about 75 degrees.. Big change from yesterday when it was 100 degrees at this time.. I love today.. I hate the heat...im in south spain its raining a bit at the moIt is sunny and very hot. It is 90 outside. coming to you from south carolina.Right now its pouring down rain.in Engalnd its quite sunny.Absolutely gorgeous.I'm in Birmingham UK, we've had two weeks of hail storms, rain and wind, with the odd sunny few hours; it's like winter one minute and spring the next.MD~nice out sunny warm high 84. nice day!!:)Hot, very hot.IN MALTA HOT HOT HOT....
What are you wanting to do?. If you want to teach English... well you dont even need to try looking for a job.. . If you want another sort of job, you better hope your Korean skills are upto scratch.. Bring along all your documents, or prepare a job in advance.. If I was given a dollar for every english teaching job I had been offered, I wouldnt even need a job.Try these links. http://www.eslcafe.com/jobs/korea/. http://hiteacher.com/. Good luck finding a consulting job. Koreans are very xenophobic...scared of foreigners.If you speak and read Korean, pick up a newspaper and search the classifieds.
where in mexico?My husband and I spend 2 weeks near Cancun every yr. A day or so before we left, I searched out...weather in Cancun...very helpful. I suggest you do the same.Hot, really hot...and yeah, I'm talking Cancun and Coz.  I made the mistake of opting for a non-airconditioned room in Coz on a very budget minded trip in June...oh man...hot.. We're talking 90-95 + with humidity (roughly, who knows, could be cool this year, depending on what the weather 'gods' are up to).. Bring sunscreen, and a hat....plan on spending some serious time in a pool or the ocean...well, lol, that's what I would do.. Enjoy!Warm.  Anywhere you go in Mexico in the summer is going to be warm or very hot, depending on where you are.Its really really hot but then in the night it gets a little cold.I went to Cancun in the month of June, and it was very HOT !!!June, July, August and September are HORRIBLY HUMID and hot almost anywhere you go in Mexico, but especially at the beaches -- I've been to Cancun, Acapulco, Ixtapa, Mazatlan, Manzanillo, Cozumel, etc. -- big mistake to go there in summer time --- one can hardly breathe it's SO HUMID -- make sure you have a room with an airconditioner that works well -- Forget about going dancing at nite -- it's too humid-- plus it rains most of the time
go to the nearest italian consulate/embassy . that's where they issue visas.to get any help we need know:. 1).Your nationality.. 2).Your age. 3).Your location. 4).The lenght of your staying. 5).The reason of your stayingfirst of all, from what country are you coming from?? and second, are you already there in italy and you want to get a visa or as called, 'permesso di soggiorno'?? be more specific and i could give you some answers.
Actually if you invert the numbers to 227 those are the last 3 digits of a zip code that Schoolcraft runs through (48227). That help any?what the hell are you talking about?I'm in Detroit area.... what are you talking about ?
To know the other's feelings.  To share your feelings.It helps you to talk to your friends,your DATE what more do you want so. hence proved communication is very importantcommunication is lifeThe greatest contribution to communication in the last century was the world wide web. The internet has brought people of other countries and cultures together where they can share ideas, get to know each other, study, make decisions. There is nothing really foreign anymore. Good communication is paramount in an ever changing world.to know each other better...To get to know people better, to foster good relationships, and it also adds a unique aspect to human life, which is the relationships we develop with others. . . I love your avatar!to get to know each other better,to realise that the world is not just the people around us in our small community.communication helps us see the bigger picture.we understand foreign cultures,we get to be broad minded.
try the european railwy, eurail or try the many low budget ailines like ryan air and easy jet or may be air berlinYour best bet is probably to purchase a Eurail Pass. This allows you to travel to all the countries on your list. There are various versions availabe, depending upon your length of stay, age and countries you want to visit.Ride the German train system, Deutsche Bahn. Its inexpensive, and a great way to see the countries, and you can go almost anywhere. It is almost always on time, and simple to ride. If you're really pressed for time, consider flying on EasyJet, or AirBerlin. Don't use the German Autobahn, unless its for reletively short drives, there is a lot of construction that really slows it down.
Never been to either but Americans don't know anything about either (although I've been to many of the "islands" and Latin America).  Here, we just know them as Trinidad and Tobago so I guess we would just lump the problems of both islands together.i've never heard of that! maybe cause i'm living in trinidad or something so i only get one side of the story...But most of time I watch news all the time... Trinidad have many problem.... My ex-girlfriend (recently broke up).... They told me many things about in Trinidad... YOU have watch your bad all the timefirstly, it is one nation, not just considered one nation..there is no country named trinidad just like there is no country named tobago. secondly,what people are u speaking of? i live there and i have no idea what u are talking about so....i'm a little confused.Actually,it's the people of Tobago who blames the people of Trinidad (dat means me) for the ills of Tobago.Trust mih.
Where is Delamere Forest? Try the AA route finder on the net, i usually find that quite helpful.It will take you about half an hour- take the M56 towards Birmingham then come off at at junction 10 for the A49 towards Northwich. http://maps.yahoo.net/ will also give a clear map if you need it.go on the m56 then m53 towards chester carry on till after motarway finishes then take first exit and go left its a few miles down this road
On a domestic flight you'll usually be offered free food in first class (although on a flight under 3 hours you probably will only have a choice of snacks).  Both have bigger seats than in coach.  Also, you get to board the plane first in first class, so don't have to wait in line and you don't have the issue of finding room overhead for carry-on luggage.prices and comfortIf the flight is only 1000 miles, why not go coach class and pocket the difference?. . Coach arrives at the same time as first and business, so why pay lots more just for a slightly bigger seat?First Class is usually on international Flights have flat beds, impeccable service, preferred treatment for boarding and baggage.  It's also the most expensive ride on a plane - Singapore Air has first class suites that are made out of the same leather in Bentley's and polished wood.  It also turns into a bed.. . Business class is very comfortable has alot of amenities but is much less expensive then First class.  It still has many perks.  Domestically Business has very comfortable seats and a full meal service.. also you don't have to pay for headphones and the like.business class is not usually offered on short flights.first class has bigger seats, they go all the way to a lying position, tv screens are bigger, service (food and drink wise) is different....the difference is huge buisness class is basically coach.  maybe bigger seats a very little bit bigger
0011 61 412345678. . your number is a mobile phone, so no area code. 61 is the country code, just drop the 1st zerocall phone company or look in phone book for country code for Australia & area code for perth then call it.    from australia to US is a 15 didgit number & check the time in perth people get pissedoff getting a call at 3AMdial 0061 4  12345678. . 0061 is country code. 04 is a cell phone number.. . When dialling internationally you need to dial the country code, then the area code minus the zero, followed by the number.by telephone or screem REAL LOUD.. . sorry had to.australia country code is 61. perth area code is 8. so +618 412345678. just replace the place with your local connection no
well MIK3 =D, canada is a very large country, please specify.Canada, like the US, spans several time zones.  Which city in Canada are you talking about?  For example, Vancouver and most of BC is in the same time zone as California.
First learn to spell.. Then use the internet!. You can call a travel agent, the airlines etc.you can get these info from the airport website, most international airport have one. For example, LA's one is http://www.lawa.org/lax/welcomeLAX.cfmgo to the websiteGO to Yahoo travel
magnolia is a really small town.  your best bet will probably be to drive into Little Rockgo ice skating in the mall
One inch.That depends entirely upon where in Canada you want to go and where in New York you are coming from.  If you are in Niagra, it is only a few hundred feet across the river.  In fact this is true anywhere along the New York/Canada border.JUST WALK ACROSS THE BORDER... ABOUT 2 SECOND STEPtoooooooooo many letttersFrom New York to, say, Toronto, we are looking at an approximation of 351 miles. This measurement is given that a move from New York to Toronto is on a straight path. Clearly, the number of miles will probably double due to bends and turns.
Poland syndrome consists of a deficiency of subcutaneous fat and muscles on one side of the body. It may include underdevelopment of the arm, hand, and fingers on the same side, and may be associated with other conditions such as Moebius syndrome or Klippel-Feil syndrome. The right side of the body is affected twice as often as the left.Named after Sir Alfred Poland, Poland anomaly (PA) is described as an underdevelopment or absence of the chest muscle (pectoralis) on one side of the body and webbing of the fingers (cutaneous syndactyly) of the hand on the same side (ipsilateral hand). Sometimes referred to as "Poland syndrome," it is an uncommon condition present at birth (congenital). For people born with PA, the breastbone portion (sternal) of the pectoralis is also missing.. . Since the severity of Poland anomaly differs from person to person, it is not often diagnosed or reported. Sometimes, a person does not realize they have the condition until puberty, when lopsided (asymmetrical) growth makes it more obvious. The incidence, therefore, is difficult to determine. Current estimates are between one in 10,000 to one in 100,000 births.. . Poland anomaly is more common in boys than girls, and the right side is affected twice as often as the left. The reasons for these differences are unknown.. . -National Genome Research InstituteIt's a combined anomaly of webbed fingers and the absence of muscle.Damn I was going to guess it could be a mixture of Interbreeding from isolation and from only being around ice and fish saying the characteristics of looking like a fishes *ss lol. . Thanks, Ive learnt something tonite! ;)Named after Sir Alfred Poland, Poland anomaly (PA) is described as an underdevelopment or absence of the chest muscle (pectoralis) on one side of the body and webbing of the fingers (cutaneous syndactyly) of the hand on the same side (ipsilateral hand). Sometimes referred to as "Poland syndrome," it is an uncommon condition present at birth (congenital). For people born with PA, the breastbone portion (sternal) of the pectoralis is also missing.. . Since the severity of Poland anomaly differs from person to person, it is not often diagnosed or reported. Sometimes, a person does not realize they have the condition until puberty, when lopsided (asymmetrical) growth makes it more obvious. The incidence, therefore, is difficult to determine. Current estimates are between one in 10,000 to one in 100,000 births.. . Poland anomaly is more common in boys than girls, and the right side is affected twice as often as the left. The reasons for these differences are unknown.. . -National Genome Research Institute. . Resources. NIH/National Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases Information Clearinghouse. 1 AMS Circle. Bethesda, MD 20892-3675. USA. Tel: 3014954484. Fax: 3017186366. Tel: 8772264267. TDD: 3015652966. Email: niamsinfo@mail.nih.gov. Internet: http://www.niams.nih.gov. . Genetic Alliance. 4301 Connecticut Avenue NW. Suite 404. Washington, DC 20008-2304. USA. Tel: 2029665557. Fax: 2029668553. Tel: 8003364363. Email: info@geneticalliance.org. Internet: http://www.geneticalliance.org. . Birth Defect Research for Children, Inc.. 930 Woodcock Rd. Suite 225. Orlando, FL 32803. USA. Tel: 4078950802. Fax: 4078950824. Email: staff@birthdefects.org. Internet: http://www.birthdefects.org
If you booked it on your own, you will have to contact the airline you booked with. If you used a travel agent, they may be able to cancel it for you.. . However, there is a good chance your ticket is non-refundable. Meaning, if you completely cancel your ticket, you don't get anything back. These tickets are lower in price and usually what is sold with most online sites. If that is what you have, you won't likely get a refund. If you chage dates, you will have to pay a fee. . . If you have travel protection, you should also call them. Depending on why you need to cancel, you may be able to get a refund from the insurance company.Refunds, you have to to the PAL office with your ticket. Travel agent will tell you the same thing, have to do yourself.where did you buy it?  go to your travel agent and ask for assistance, if it's a ticket with restrictions, sometimes they won't refund you for it.  you have to pay for penalties if you want to postpone your travel.
Be like me - to broke to go anywhere!One way is to set the destination on your watch while on the plane and start doing routine like meals as you would at the destination. At least you condition yourself before arrival. And force yourself to sleep according destination timing too.The best way to adjust is to sleep on the plane, definitely. It might be hard to, but once you get on the plane, basically pretend that you're in that country already, and adjust sleep habits accordingly. So, if you're on the plane and it's midnight in Beijing but still day in Hawaii, then you should sleep.Since it's such a whirlwind trip, chances might be good that jet lag won't affect you too much, but could make you feel lousy for a few days.  You could try keeping your sleep times as normal (whenever you'd be sleeping in Hawaii) and only allow your self to sleep during that time.. When you finally return to H. Make sure you don't take any naps, but only go to bed when is a reasonable time.
Try to write to Honda, maybe you could work there.. Best luck for youIf you are Mexican it may be possible ... but the waiting line is long.  If you are not Mexican ... it's impossible.. . If jobs were easy in Mexico ... there would be a whole lot less of them going to the US for work
Did you mean Krakatau. . Krakatau: a small volcanic island in Indonesia between Java and Sumatra; its violent eruption in 1883 was the greatest in recorded historyIts krakatoa.. It was once the biggest volcano in the world untill it exploded in the 1800's causing the biggest bang in history, heard 3500 miles away, t has now started to grow again??????BIG EFFIN VOLCANO!!!!!!!!!!!!ah, this is a tricky one.... it comes from 'to krakatoa', which is slang for someone who blows up explosively over an issue of minor and trivial nature...but here is the twist...you asked what 'karkatoa' was, and in this instance it is the dyslexic version of the word that implies that the person implodes upon themselves rather than the outside world over such inane and mundane moments in their lives...
Take few warm jumpers, it's cold.  Rain does not help, it's everyday.  But it is a lovely city with a plenty to do and night life is rocking!  Have a good time.Like the others have said, its winter here in June. Auckland rains a lot so bring a brolly.. . Head down to the South Island for the best scenery :)Its officially winter in June. But Auckland probably rain...hahaha
September is a good time weather-wise to come to Boston unless of course you're planning on going to the beach.  The weather is usually beautiful for walking around the city.People come here from other states to see the foliage. It's amazing. It's chilly, maybe around 60, but it can be warmer or colder. It's really nice, I would recommend. I live here.September is a tricky month.  Some years it has been blazingly hot and humid, other years, it's been downright cold.  The foliage doesn't hit the Boston area until early October, and only if it's a mild season.  The colder the season the sooner you'll see foliage.Early September is usually pretty warm. Can be hot enough for the beach, or cool enough for a light jacket. But such is life in New England year round!You might try looking in a guide book put out by either. Fodor's or Frommer's.. You might also try going to the weather channel's website. as it gets closer to the time that you're traveling there,. are you?. I would also maybe read the Boston Globe.(weather page). I work at a local library so that is where I would look first.
There's a critical lack of housing in the Lake Charles/Sulphur region right now as several of the local apartment complexes are still closed or condemned due to storm damage, and many people are still living in temporary housing while they try to restore or rebuild their houses.  . . Mostly, the hotels are full of workers who can't find short term housing anywhere else.They probably have not been sufficiently rebuilt since Katrina.  The ones that do exist may be booked by people working there to rebuild.did you try searching http://www.rhoda.joystar.com click on hotel
more closer ,korea is target market ( cuz of population )beside in uae they still prefer westernI doubt if there are more filipinos in UAE than there are in the Philippines. But Koreans do like visiting the PHilippines as it is closer to Korea. They usually come here to study English because, yes, they can practice. It is also a requirement in Korea that one has to have a level of English proficiency in order to land a job in their country.theres no asian people in uae hello its an arabic country
When a man falls off a board.  (JK) It means when anyone falls into the water off a ship, boat, yacht, etc.when someone falls off a ship.when a person is in the water and isn't supposed to or in deep seaSomeone fell of a ship or boatMan Overboard! is a detective novel by Freeman Wills Crofts, set largely in Northern Ireland and based on an implausible, and ultimately non-existent, reversible chemical process to make petrol inert and thus safe. The potential commercial value of this leads to theft and murder, everything solved by Inspector French as usual after dogged legwork and some flashes of inspiration.it means that a man or a woman (for some reason the frase is used for both sexes)has fallen of the boat and is busy drowning .. . if some one sees it they shout ,oh my god man over board.. . the boat ,then is suposed to stop and they throw out a life jacket ,or lower the boat ,which means they lower a boat.. . or some hero person take a rope with him and jumps after the drowning person .. and again some one shouts ,. another man overboard.Its what you say when someone falls off the boatyeah what they said...a person who falls off a ship or a boat.They say it on ships/boats when a man or woman falls outIf someone falls off a boat or ship, the appropriate thing to scream, at the top of ones lungs, would be  " Man Overboard ".when a guy sleeps on top of a piece of woodA guy who stands on the edge of a ship enjoying the breeze... and suddenly falls off and screams for help like this - Help! Help! Please! Please!It's a nautical term signaling that a person fell, jumped, or was pushed into the water and needs help.when a man is sittin on the board lol
First write which is the porpouse of your research and what are you going to investigate. Then show how you will do or you have done it. Then show your results and finally write a conclusion of the research and say if the results are what you were expecting. If not try to analize why.... Good luck2 options. . 1 - pen and paper. 2 - use a PCtry to b organized...plz...so he doesn't throw it on ur face...LOL
it is a myth. . they go the same directionHmmmm....might have something to do with Austrailia's geographic global location on Earth, perhaps?????This effect was actually documented on an episode of the Simpson's, Bart vs. Australia.. . If you get the chance to see it, Lisa supplies all the answers.. . It was a classic show.Does it, are you absolutely sure, or is this something you have been told?well sometimes its just goes straight down.  Depends on the brand.Because Australians like to do things a little different...it does that anywhere in the southern hemisphere, not just in AustraliaIt is because they are in the southern hemisphere.  All water goes clockwise in the northern hemisphere, in the southern hemisphere they all go the other way.  Has to do with gravitational pull.I am an aussie living in the states, and dallas scotts answer is correct.  as is our typhoons (your hurricanes, just they go in the opposite direction......as in scotts answerIt's called the Coriolis Effect and it's caused by the Earth's rotation.
Vama Veche is probably the most popular seaside resort for all kinds of generations, especially the young one. Vama Veche used to be in the past an almost anonymous place, kinda hippie-alternative village for intellectual-alternative people to spend their alternative time in an alternative-back to nature way.. Everyone feels happy and nobody cares about money or stuff like that. Everyone wanna dance, drink, dance, kiss, drink, watch the sunsets and sunrises, kiss, make love, talk about small things…Vama Veche is a commune in Romania on the Black Sea coast, near the border with Bulgaria, at 28.3 E longitude, 43.5 N latitude.. . The name literally means "Old customs point", named after the Cadrilater was included in Romania in 1913. In 1940, however, that region was ceded to Bulgaria, and the village was once again near the border.. . Vama Veche is also the name of a Romanian rock band.It is a summer resort in Romania (Europe), next to the Black Sea. It is known for the rock festival Stuff Stock and the influx of romanian tourists on the 1st of may (Labor Day). It's nice, but not as nice as 2 mai, which is also a resort a few km further.
Hurricane-level storms rarely go to Houston.  They do get high winds and high water, though.You only need to worry about hurricanes, if you live within 17 miles of Galveston. Most of houston gets the rain and wind. The biggest worry is torado's from the spin off of hurricanes.havent had anylast year they didn't get any only in Galveston but it wasn't bad1) no area in houston is no more prone to hurricanes than the other part of the city.  As of right now the storm prediction center has the area from Brownsville all the way to Sabine Pass(which is the whole texas coast) under the high risk of getting a storm.  Louisiana is under a medium and panhandle of florida is under a low risk.  In my opinion, the predicion of houston getting a storm is the same to me as it is any other year....50/50.  50% chance houston will get one and 50% chance houston wont get one.  The best thing you can do if you live on the coast is to prepare now while there is supplies available and stay tuned to the weather when a storm is in the waters.  Right now its wayyyyy to early to tell and you wont be able to until there is a storm out in the waters to track.  And even then you wont know until bout day or two before land fall.  I live in Baytown which is 15 miles east of houston, and everyone said that rita was going to hit galveston and days later it ended up hitting the coast of Tx/La.  So like i mentioned before its a 50/50 shot that houston will recieve a storm.  But as of now its way to early to tell if houston or any other part of the gulf or atlantic coast will recieve a storm.
Babysit. Yard work . Wow I feel bad for you sorry to hear that :(get a job to earn moneyHow much can a bus ticket be...$40.  Go mow some lawns or something.clean houses. you can get up to 10 bucks an hour. work for family, they'll usually pay you more. babysitting can get you five bucks an hour, two bucks per child. you could get a job at stores, but not a better idea because they pay you minimum wage and you have to go most days of the week in the summer, depending. ask some good friends to donate into a cash fund. make sure when you get the bus ticket to bring a "weapon" of some sort so creepy guys don't bother you. i suggest a LARGE bottle of hairspray and a lighter in your lap on your way there and back. carry it around when your by yourself too. have fun.get a job to earn money. hitch hike. or ask a friend to take youask a friend or tell him to come see youWhy are you dating a bum?. . Now that's out of the way um.. well I did read that in a magazine you could get a bunch of money for being a product tester, not to mention you get free stuff. Strictly girls, go for testing designer stuff. It's fun, and you might get a free purse out of it.. . You could always get a job, but considering it's almost Summer, it's very unlikely you'll make enough to visit him.. . Could always ask good ol' daddy for some cash. ^~well some time money is every thing, can you drive to see him or too far to drive? you need to get off your behind and go to work, baby sitting or walking the dogs,borrow money from friend/family and promise you Will pay them back. . but remember you have to stick with that promiselook through your stuff and find old things you don't use anymore and then list them on ebay. believe me iv'e done it before with an item i bought for 10 bucks. i listed it and i got 130 bucks for it.WORK ON THE WEEKENDS...
familiarize yourlsef with their culture.one step at a timeJust go there and if you have any smarts you will do alright.i moved to canberra 3 months ago from scotland there isnt really much to do here bit boring ..i move to melbourne in 3 weeks!!I think it gives your location as Canberra, if thats true, start your new life by moving! Canberra is dull, dull, dull! But if you can't, just make friends with anybody and everybody in your workplace. Even if you're not that fond of them (don't mean you have to pretend to be their new best friend, just a 'hi, how are you' here and there could garner you an invite out, Aussies are a bit like that), they may have friends whom you'd like to get to know. Most of my friends and I are quite happy to bring out workmates/family members/friends who have just moved here from other countries, to help them get to know people. Aussies are pretty awesome people on the whole, so fall in with the right crowd and you'll have a ball! Good luck!Go straight to Melbourne! rent for awhile as housing is expensive and go out alot, us Aussie's are very friendly, you'll love Aussie Rules Football and we don't all go around saying G-Day.mate, get a job over there, buy a house ( don't rent) near your work place, go to the pub mix around and drink beer with aussie guys. However they don't talk much haha.I lived in Canberra for over a year - bit boring and very clicky (get in their own groups, and if you dont fit you are not welcomed). Try Perth - I moved here 3 weeks ago and LOVE it - best place I've been!. I also lived in Adelaide (grew up there) and Launceston (Tasmania) - both are beautiful. Tasmania is fantastic!. It all depends on where you are from - if you are American all I can suggest is to try and tone down the accent a bit - quite a few Australians HATE the American accent. There is a saying in Australia "All tourists are welcome - unless they are American" LOL - But everyone is friendly, just the American Accent can tend to grind!dont go to canberra. its a holeThis is easy since you love me so much and i love you then we should just get married . . love you
Early expeditions and settlers heading West would begin in St Louis, which was the last large city on the road West for a long time.  They would travel up the Missouri River to reach the Northern Plains when those areas were being settled.  The Gateway Arch was built to show the significance of St Louis to the Westward expansion of our nation.It was one of the gateway's to the west.  Omaha was another and they scored as the city for the beginning of the Transcontinental Railway.Yes, basically because it was the start for most Westward exploration of the US. Lewis and Clark began their expedition only a few miles away from St Louis, and the city has been obsessed with them ever since.. . The Gateway Arch has a great museum about western exploration. Here is their site:. http://www.nps.gov/jeff/expansion_museum.htmlMovement west was made possible via the Erie Canal and the Louisiana purchase, and has little to do with St. Louis.Because this is the starting point of the westward movement. When people were getting in their conestoga's (covered wagons), they loaded up with supplies and started here. (I live in St. Louis)
Talk to the concierge, they will book it for you.. . Or call 626-2345.  . . The van should hold all of you.  Be sure to tell the dispatcher how many you are, and that you're going to the airport.  . . The fare is around $30.00You've never heard of the yellow pages?  Look up a place that sells common sense while you're at it.The doorman or frontdesk of your hotel should be able to set this up for you. The cost is around $30 per person. There are many companies in SF that provide this service. You can also just call for a Taxi at 415-333-3333. It's a pretty easy number to remember and if you are 2 or 3 people, then it will cost less than the van service. Also, the time I used a van service the driver was very rude and basically demanded a tip. He drove, well, like a Bay Area person. Be careful if you call a service on your own. It's best/easiest to have the hotel arrange it for you.
i'm not sure what your idea of affordable is...but i'll give you which areas are cheaper than other areas...if you want something close to PV...then north phoenix off the 51. south scottsdale but it'll be farther to drive.  anything near the west would be a difficult drive since theres no freeway going east.  south phoenix is ok if you dont mind the crime rate higher than north phx...but north phx is my recommendation as its close to pv and you got the freewayIt's a big city. We have some crime, overall most areas are safe. Now affordable, that's another story.Think about it, if it's affordable (meaning cheap), then it becomes the ghetto. No such thing as safe AND affordable. You gotta pay for what you get.Most all of the metro Phoenix area is safe, except for vehicle theft anyway.. . The southeast part is "cooler" than the west side. Cities like Mesa, Gilbert, Chandler, Tempe, and Scottsdale.Anywhere. It's safe now!Compare Phoenix prices with California prices and then the most expensive house in Az would seem affordsble.  Anyway, I own property in Mesa and there are great areas right next to bad areas.  you actuallt have to go to each neighborhood and see what it's like.
I would  say an average of about 32,000 ft.30,000-40,000 ftI would say about 35000 to 40000 feet depending on air traffic and weatherthat would depend on where it is flying to and from, just like any other aircraft (length of trip).. an average altitude in the us would be between 32000 and 37000 feet. . Air Traffic Control has the final say and they do a great job in this country
woa, a lot actually. And they all have websites, so you can check em out.. . Valley Girl, Sportsgirl, Espirit, Supre, MissShop (located in the department store Myer), Cotton On, Ice, Jay Jays, Just Jeans, Jeans West7 Angels. Supre. Ocean Angel. Just Jeans. Sports Girl. Rip Curl. Roxy. Billabong. . That's just off the top of my head.  . . I like the surf gear myself.  Looks great on!surf shops are the most popular like city beach, billabong, ripcurl, roxy etc and also Boccoo, jayjays, valleygirl, ice, cue, whitchery,supre and the warehouse for fashion are probably the most popular.the shopping here is amazing...im from the states, but live here now...ps big w is freaking walmart..like nto really, but it totally is...but suckier...supre is great, tons of cute clothes on the cheap...also city beach is cool its got tons of industrie shirts for boys and rip curl, roxy etc. stuff, and havaianas etc. (which are really cute flip flops...known as thongs here...) and surf shops are everywhere...tons of quicksilver etc. (those clothes all started in oz b/c of the rich beach culture...) hope that helps...The ones i shop at are. Triple S also known as "Surf Skate and Ski" . Breakaway surf shops. And a department store called Big w for undies and socks!i live in america.GAPOur surfwear is our trademark! Roxy, Quicksilver, Ripcurl and billabong are soooo cool, http://www.roxy.com. there are heaps of boutiques with cool stuff, sportsgirl, valleygirl and so much more.
All of the above.  Petra was a mercantile hub because of its location along trading routes.  It was naturally protected by the rocks, so bandits and invaders were easily repulsed.  The size limited population, so there was never pressure to expand beyond its limits.  And the pink color is cool. :)Petra was ruled by the Nabateans way back. A destination for the caravans that came up from the Yemen with spices. It is hidden from site and is enclosed by mountains. The buildings were done by the Romans and most of them are Just a facade.All of the above, plus the fact that Petra's exterior (specifically the Treasury) was used in the closing scenes of Spielberg's "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade".. . On December 6, 1985 Petra was recognized as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.. . For more details, seeG, But 'Pink colour' and made 'Of rock' OR 'made in the rock'i would SAY ALL OF THE ABOVE. PETRA IS FAMOUS FOR ITS CAVES AND PALACES CARVED OUT OF ROCKS. THESE ROCKS HAVE A PECULIAR COLOR. THESE CAVES ARE VERY BIG. A GOOD TOURIST SPOT. LOT OF HISTORY.
Asteroids are rocks found orbiting the sun, generally found between the planets of Mars and Jupiter and also in the Kuiper belt. Those between Mars and Jupiter were never allowed to assemble into a planet because of the constant tug of Jupiter’s massive gravity. They have very little or no ices around them that can be released by the heat of the sun and glow . So they are detected only by the sun light that they reflect from their relatively dark surfaces. . . . Comets on the other hand are in the coldest part of the solar system with their dust and ices well preserved. So their visibility is provided by the evaporating gas and the released dust as they near the sun. When the spacecraft Giotto tried to photograph the nucleus of Comet Halley in 1986 its instruments were soon saturated with dust blowing out from it, even when it was more than 500 kilometres from it.Comet is a reindeer. Astro-aids is what will eventually kill the Jetsons' family space-dog.An asteroid is any of numerous small celestial bodies composed of rock and metal that move around the Sun (Mainly between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter). Comet is a relatively small extraterrestrial body consisting of a frozen mass that travel around the Sun in highly eliptical orbitAn asteroid enters the earth's atmosphereAn asteroid is one which revolves around the sun in the solar system.A comet is a left over part of an ancient planet that could sometimes enter our atmosphere.
Contact the locl newspapers & place an ad.. Aberdeen is The Press & Journal, Lang Stracht, Mastrick, Aberdeen. Scotland.. Edniburgh I'm afraid I'm not sure.. Maybe you could try Friends re-united website.Try looking at Friends ReunitedThe local newspaper in Edinburgh is the Evening News.  You could also try national papers such as The Scotsman and the Herald.put an ad in a newspapaer in aberdeen and edinburgh
What abt Indian Food? first of all, there are several kinds of cuisines within India and secondly each one rocks.. And NO, "curry" does not sum it all up. Its much more than that.. And no other cuisine would have as many dessert varities as Indian.. 1 billion at the last count... !yes, what about indian food??? lolIt is best food in the worldCurry House in Cypress...Yum.can't stand the smell of it :(indian  and  pakistani food  are  same.its  spicy  and  tasty.they  are  delicous in  taste,aroma,and  nutritent.yeah? what about it. quickest mention is the spices, the varieties of it and the way food is cooked. Of course, this started the spice trades, world seafaring, and eventual european invasion of Asia...what?It's damn good...you should try it if you haven't!.What about it?What's the Question?One world, Curry.
The Museum of Sex on 27th and Fifth, The Metropolitan Museum of Art (The Met), Madame Tussaud's, Central Park in the Spring and the Central Park Zoo (touristy or not, its a must-see), check out the shops in SoHo and the smaller galleries in Chelsea. Check out some of the neat hotels and have a cocktail in the lounges. There is plenty to see and do so just put on some comfortable shoes and walk around. You'll get to experience NYC best that way.go to discotic, disnep world, se., s.c., f.c., r.pe, bla bla bla  . im          . sibi _50centNo reason to come here without seeing all those things.  Those are the things that set NY apart from other places. I don't think the bowling alleys are any differant then the ones in your town.
A lot. This link below is from 1970 onwards.DONT KNOW SORRY :(The true answer will never be known because for many years, Aeroflot (Of the USSR and now Russia) never reported accidents of any kind.12,500I dont know.154,452It is still less than the forced deaths caused to passive smokers , by the pungent and adamant active smokers on earth.. Don't bother airspace accidents. They are in control and still the safest mode of transport of earth. Shirk it.If you area smoker.you can find out on line, im sorry but i have the slightest idea.don't know but one would be way to manywhat about the intentional deaths like terrorism?
Great. The summer in this city is great. Beautiful scenery: lakes, hills, rapids in the center. They have an excellent amusement park.Finland rocks! I lived in Sweden for an year and I have to say, Finland is thousand times nicer place to live! Tampere is OK, especially in summer.cold! they have a lot of lakes so in summertime its nice. They speak finnish which sounds like: yxi kaxi kolmi. They are blond. Drink a lot of alkohol. They are violent. They have good music, a lot of rock. You are close to sweden! ;)
Long flights...tired...zombie-like.  . . Sometimes you just hope that the security doesn't make you do things like the person infront of ya, because you're so freaking tired.Not me,I am always waiting behind others who just cannot read or understand what the security check is all about.Is there anything else that pisses you off at airports??? or in parking lots, driving on the road.. you are one of those people that is so impatient you get road rage. Chill out man for christs sake.Rather than going for the obvious answer that they're just plain dumb.  I prefer to think they are control freaks.  They're the same people who pull up to the bank drive through on a Monday morning or Friday evening, then sit there and fill out all the paperwork while 10 cars sit behind them....waiting.As someone else said, maybe they're just tired, or not used to flying, or hoping that they won't get forced to do it.. . Not only that, it can be hard to get a tray until you get right up to the metal-detector and sometimes you may have to wait for one, so it can make it harder for people to have their things ready in tray because of that.  Also, people are probably already lugging their carry-on, and may have a hard time holding their bag, shoes, laptop, purse, jacket, tray, etc. all at once without having to set it all down and then pick it all back up everytime the line moves, which also takes time.
Maybe they lack dentists.Don't know...all I know is that I have perfect teeths!! when ever u want 2 see my teeths just give me a call, ok!lmfao thats fucking hilarious!! sorry *thank god i have niice teeth** =)i guess they don't have dentists or they think its wrong or hate going to the dentist.from playing rugby with the heads of really annoying menYou're not very smart.You see,you started out by trying to wind up British people,and were (unjustifiably) getting a good response,but in order for such pettiness to be effective you really have to know when to stop.If you go on too long people lose interest and ,above all,don't take you seriously.I understand that you're trying to be humorous,but any comedian can tell you that when you reach the apex of your appreciation/response,you have to move on to other things,otherwise the audience sees you as being incapable of anything else.I know that in this answer I used some fancy words that you may be unfamiliar with,and since you're obviously very young and naive and rather excited about going on a trip for the first time without your parents,I don't expect you to have a dictionary at hand,so I'll summarize it for your benefit.You're making a dick of yourself.amazing to come accross the same moron twice..... why do mouthy blokes like you have no teeth.....oh sorry...meant to say spineNYC-DUDE GET A PASSPORT AND TRY TO TRAVEL TO THE UK YOU .I DONT THINK YOU HAVE EVER LEFT YOUR MUMMY'S SIDE LET ALONE GONE TO THE SHOPS ON YOUR OWN YOU GORMLESS MORON GET A LIFE .I HOPE THIS SITE BANS YOU ,WITCH I THINK THEY HAVE COS YOU AIN'T BEEN ON HERE FOR A FEW DAYS THANK GOD.         by the way you must be ugly if you have to post someone elses photoYou are talking out of your arse. Are you parents cousins? Grow up and stop making things up? Watch less TV read more books.Coz British blokes keep punching themWhy do so many Americans have none?? Especially in the South!The situation in the U.K today is there is a severe shortage in dentists that are taking on patients & those that do still practice dentistry have charged such over inflated prices that the majority of people cannot afford to visit.. There used to be many dentists that charged N.H.S prices which were affordable to all but they were subsidised so poorly by the government that they stopped treating subsidised patients which left many people including young children with no dentist to treat them.great answer madamspud i believe you have hit it right on2 reasons. first, they like to eat haggis, that messes up their teeth, second, they love to play rugby with the mates, Governor, and drink pints at the poobIt's simply something that you can find anywhere. The British have them, Australia does, New Zealand does, The USA does and so does Canada. You probably just don't notice them i other countries as much because of the stereotype abut British teeth being bad.
its great, I dated a Russian girl once and I just cant get enough of herring things in Russian spoken by a girl! lol I gota find me another girl from there, she went back after college.yes i think russian is a beautiful language because it is very expressive and has a rich vocabulary.Da, konechna!
N.C. doesnt have as many rednecks as other states. Its how people were brought up in thier time. Deal with itSheeeet ever been to West Virginia or Kentucky.  You are in for a treat dollface. Those people are so stupid and redneck you think the entire state is owned by K-Mart.North Carolina doesn't have any more rednecks than any other southern state.NC has no more "rednecks" than many other states.  NC is a great state, and is filled with so many wonderful people.
You can't get very close on the dam side. But we use to boat right up to the dam on the lake mead side.. it's real erie, the water is soooooooo deep that it looks black..gives you the creeps!!!!!!!. . we were so close that you could see the people in their cars crossing the bridge..We went a couple of years ago.  Back then, They had it closed off near the first bend below the dam (I was told this is almost a mile or so).  This is where the rafting trips put into the river.  They also had it closed about a half mile or so above the dam on Lake Mead.
There is no cyclone threat nearing jus few showers expected for another 2 days. You can get more information not only about chennai or any other place through the following links.. . Good Day.Type search:  Chennai weather
There are only a few that connect.  Paris to Bally's, Luxor to Mandalay Bay.  The shopping areas in Caesar's, Bellagio, Aladdin, and Venetian are so big, you could spend all day in each.  But...like #1 said..you'll have to go outside at some point to see them all.For the most part it can't be done.  There are a few that connect through the inside Paris to Bally's etc. but eventually you'll have to go outside.Take the Las Vegas Monorail.  It is outside but you walk through the casinos to get to it and it drops you off right behind the casino you are visiting.  It is great!
Personally, I love Alaska cruises, they are my absolute favorite to take. It's a beautiful area, it's amazing.. . I also like Hawaii, a cruise around the islands is always great. Especially if you prefer tropical weather!Europe! They have everything! Countryside, city, ect. I love England!Anywhere in the Warm Tropical Caribbean is great.. my favorite would be Cayman Islands... when Jamaica broke free from British rule, Cayman Island decided to stay with the Brits.. and you can see the benefits from that when you visit... when you pull in to port, Ocho Rios Jamaica is a dump.. a 3rd world country look.. but when you pull in to Georgetown, Cayman Island (you'll have to Tender since ships can't dock there) you'll see how advance the country is.. but step little bit inside the island.. it's very pretty and rural... and you can visit Hell (the town of Hell, Cayman Island) Turtle Farms.. great Scuba Diving everywhere.. and great shopping..  it's a great place to visit.ummmm i would have to say the camen islands! That was the best! I loved the turtle farm!We have 3 favorites.  The first is probably South America.  We started in Buenos Aires and cruised down around the tip, past Cape Horn and then back up the other side and ended in Santiago.  It was incredible!  The variety of things we did and saw was just amazing.  We would do the exact same trip again in a minute!. . The next is Tahiti.  It is probably the best way to see the Islands and certainly has proven to be a cost effective way for us to do it.  We've done that twice now.. . Our third, was a combination.  We combined a cruise of the Seychelle Islands with a photo safari in Kenya.  It was an incredible combination of experiences as well.. . We would do any of these over again, without hesitation.
check your card will go to mobiles, some only do landline. 0011 86 the numberdo you have the international dialing code for china?. if so then u normally drop the first zero and add the dialing code for ex 056 will then be +22560011 86 ....To dial an international number, the codes listed below should be prefixed with +, and the first digit of the national number should be omitted. . China (PRC) 86
Coral bleaching is something I always hear about. It happens because of the increase in the temp of the ocean.  There are lots of scientists monitoring it, but perhaps not enough is being done.hiThe "crown of thorns starfish" is NOT A THREAT TO THE REEF AT ALL, but merely part of a natural ecosystem that exists around the reef - scientists have first thought that this starfish is a major threat to the reef - however, they later found out that its existence was actually helping the ecosystem of the reef function properly. Think about it this way: sharks are natural predators that "destroy" the species of fish that they prey upon (just like the "crown of thorns starfish"), but sharks' existences are needed in the reef in order to keep the ecosystem in its natural state and in order for the environment to undergo the changes it naturally was meant to undergo - the same thing applies to the "crown of thorns starfish."Global heating is also destroying the Great Barrier Reef...unfortunately.. . I have no idea about what they are doing to save it!man is screwing the reef,, the gov't is trying to  do little about it besides debate it,,it's up to us to save it ppls. and with no malice intended..STOP the ASIAN INVASION OF OUR WATERS... or there will be nothing for the future...crown of thorns starfish & bleaching are the biggest problems i think but i dont know what is being bone to stop it
Get a job.  If you already have a job then get a second job.  It's that easy.Get a grant to go study the churches there....or go as a missionary to convert....You could always do fund raiser! Bake homemade goodies and sell at flee market...what vinnie saidsave upSave money, every check put a $50 to $100 in a savings account. Tell people for birthdays andother holidays instead of a gift to make a deposit into the account. Make sure you look around for a good deal, go off peak not during the season. Take a friend. Have fun. Don't rush. Europe is beautiful and it's not going anywhereGet a job. Make yourself a budget so you don't waste money. Set yourself a savings plan. Off you go to Europe. Simple if you are focussed and don't lose sight of what you want.it's amazing how much change people can accumulate. obviously that's not the main way you'll want to save up money but just putting your extra change in a jar or piggy bank will really add up after a while.get a job or maybe borow money but u have to give it back.ift hat doesn't work try looking for sponsorsenroll in a danish university and take out graduate student loans.....provided you have a B.A.
for sex appeal probablyThere's just no logical reason for some styles. Can you say bellbottoms? Platform shoes? In fact, you can put pretty much any disco-era "style" in the illogical category.When the dress was invented it was probably made to be more affordable and fishnet requires less fabric.
A stiff gin and tonic before you board and another when the meal comes around. You will sleep like a baby and it will be time to get off the plane before you know it. Works wonders!sit back and enjoy the "Horsepower", I love "TAKE OFF", it's "Horsepower Unlimited" ! especially just before lift off, when the engines are "WIDE OPEN".....I'm happiest when the Pilot has them ALL "Turning, and Burning"....Visualize yourself overcoming obstacles to help build your confidence.Take some St John's Wort. Natural medication that is great for anxiety. That's what I use and it seems to work.Sleep and rest
I guess we have a big paper due in the morning, do we???ookaay here we go: . Russia, according to land mass is the biggest country in the world. at one point (after WW2) it was even a superpower fighting for power against the US. this period is better known as the cold war when the two superpowers crashed due to their diverse ideologies. Russia was the biggest advocate of communism, while the US was of democracy/capitalism. The Russian language is a slavic language, and they write using cyrillic letters. In fact, most countries that were under the influence of Russia, in the day called The Soviet Union speak slavic languages. . Having such a vast landmass that stretches from East Europe all the way to East Asia and the Pacific Ocean , the people of Russia are very diverse. however, they are known for community work and public service, like their underground subways. these subways are perhaps the best looking subways you would ever see..probably a due to the communist ideology. education is very appreciated, as are good manners, ettiquette and so forth. The religion in Russia is Russian Orthodox, which contains a few differences in the dates of holidays and other traditions. look at the sources below, i sited an excellent web site with more details on Russia.. Germany was once a major capital of Europe with its thriving economy, liberal democracy, strict and seriuos working traditions. The German language considered to be one of the least pleasing to the ear, is very different from Russian, but is a little closer to English. it is also very similar to Swedish, Dutch ect. they have, not two, but THREE articles and a very complex grammar.. Germany is a beautiful country, very clean, a bit chilly (especially in the winter)and very green (famous for its black forest). Germans are stereotypically known as cold, not talkative, and very strict people, also known not to overly enjoy the company of foreigners.though they have lots of immigrants, mainly Turkish, East European, some Arabic...Germans themselves are great travellers. being economically stable for the most part, next to asians, they might as well be world's most common tourists. Their kitchen is not very rich, as they dont have the tastiest of vegetables. Their main foods are potatoes.. and the hamburgers and hot-dogs believed to be American..are actually German in origin. Sour krout is another typical dish, with various sausages or wursts, amazing pastries, bread and so on. when drinking, most Germans would prefer beer!!! many would love to visit Germany during its oktoberfest celebration where you see women with bigger biceps than men carrying 5 huge jugs of beer in one hand and 5 in the other. . Italy is perhaps what you could call the 'opposite'of Germany and also very unlike Russia. Where Germans and even . Russians are highly educated, and especially Germans that adopted the American moto of working hard..Italy is a whole other scenario. Italians stick sternly to their 'work to live'rather than 'live to work' philosophy.. and it shows! a very laid back people, gentle and kind, loud, funny, proud (but Italy is something to be proud of). no one can tell an Italian that someone else might have better food, music, actors, looks, movies, clothes, cars, bikes, shoes, monuments-cities, beaches, soccer, coffeee and lots more. for the average Italian, these are best when and ONLY when  Italian. however, North and South Italy.. Rome being the dividing point, differ very much. the north is more similar to continental Europe like Germany, while the South can be seen as similar to Africa (ok, a little exaggeration). . Italian is a beautiful language filled with many vowels and soft letters. it is a Latin language, most similar to Spanish, French and portuguese.though if you are visiting italy, maybe it is even more useful to learn their hand signals as they use these extensively when speaking!  In the past they had their, more than fair, share of evil leaders (Mussolini and fascism), corruption, which is tillRussia is only part civilization and is extremely cold most of the time, Russian language is a very armenian like language like da means ya in russian , ha means ya in armenian. Italy is cooli just know that the place there is so beautiful and their languages are so cool.. that's all.
It is your best bet to contact the respective embassies and ask for specific information. To migrate, you'll have to go through the embassy. You'll spend a lot of time there.Go through the consulates of each country. Both places have high requirments to migrate there but if you are a skilled worker and have good english things can be made easier.I used the guys at visalogic, I think his name was simon, helped me out loads!!Migrating to Australia or New Zealand is a complicated process. Generally you will need to have skills that are required in Australia / NZ. If you would like an individual assessment you can email me on Jessica.Stooke@Visalogic.net - I have helped many people move to Australia and NZ and am happy to provide you with some brief advice specific to your situation.
I think it depends on what you watch.  Most of the stuff I listen to or watch gives mad props to the west coast!HA! exactley right! ESPN especially. they only care about the east. because majority live on East. Not many sports teams in the Middle. Only East or West. ALso West sports end late and they too lazy to cover them. Anyway, East Coast is over rated.its because NYC is the biggest city in America. It's the hub for fashion, music & culututal diversity. Don't get me wrong LA has the same things. BUT NYC was great first.I am from Atlanta, and we know we the best. We got good weather, southern hospitality, and low traffic.ny baby..the best!!!!!!
La Brea is situated in South Trinidad,and is the home of our famous Pitch Lake which was discovered by Sir Walter Raliegh in his search for El Dorado(city of gold) instead he found the pitch lake (black gold)- a thick black tar that is used for paving roads etc. Tons of it is removed for export as well as for domestic use and is soon filled up. It is amazing and something to see.The Pitch LakeLa Brea,(we call it La Bray),is known for it's Pitch Lake,a black,gooey,sticky stuff that is one of the key ingredients usd in making Asphalt,and other by-products,which is used in road paving.Sir Walter Raleigh also used it to repair leaks to his boats when he was looking for El Dorado,(The Fabled Lost City Of Gold), which he never found either. Trust mih,hope it helps.It is home to one of three natural asphalt lakes (Tar Pits) in the world.  One is also in California, the other is in Venezuela.La Brea is the pitch lake the Sir Walter Raliegh discovered on her search for El Dorado (the city of gold) and his ship was full of holes and the pitch in the lake was used to fix it.
and why did you put it in bavaria germany???watch america most wanted saturdaytry searching/posting at craigslist.org. in your areawell (assuming thats where you live) you could put a singles ad in the paper, either talking about you (saying your single) or telling what your looking for (state what you like in which ever you do) those are sweet, and kinda hot they are definetly not stupid, and if someone answers you have to cut out your ad and keep it so if one of the people that answers is "the one" you'll have that clipping as a reminder of how you met (love at first read..idk..lol) it would be something great to tell your kids about, just be careful when doing it (dont answer ads unless meeting in public, like a food joint!!!)Go there.
Your question is not clear.  What do you mean?sorry, probably can'tPlease re-state the question.That is virtually impossible
Normally there is a direct train but there are works at th moment. You get the train to either Sants Station or Clot Arago which are in Barcelona. From either of the two places catch trains to either: Calella, Mascanet or Blanes, The journey will take about an hour and all go directly to Calella.you can catch a train opposite the airport to barcelona catalan then catch the Blanes train to Calella the cost is approx £4.00
Morelia is a great city to visit all year round. . The average temperature is between 16 to 20 degrees Celsius.. During the summer months you might experience some very hot days above 35 degrees Celsius, but is is not very common.. . I've been in Morelia many times and the best months are May and September. In both months you can also do a lot of cultural activities. May is the month when Morelias was founded and September is Mexico's National month.I've been to Patzcuaro right next door - both winter and summer and prefer late summer and fall.  Spring is still dry and hot ... and it can freeze in the winter.  You'll still get some rain in September but it should feel just right.  It's never that bad any timeTRY. FORUMS@EGULLET.ORG. VISITING MY FRIEND IN COSTA RICA. LOOK UP WWW.TUCANHOTEL.COM. ASK FOR STEVE
bali, definitely. even though many don't speak english well, the food's great and it's cheaper. just avoid crowded areas like pubs or clubs at night, to be sure.Hawaii... less terrorist threats.Bali money for value,avoid the disco and nightclub.otherwise a great place 2 visit you will not regret it do not listen to all these negative and isolated incident.. Even in America ther is shooting happening dailyHawaii, no bombs.. . Bali, great beach and very low cost.. . Your choice.Hawaii,more safer than Bali, at least you won't get those sudden change of weatherHawaii, coz its the best place to surf!Hawaii for sure they dont blow you up there and its way more civilised they speak English - altho the last time I was there it was looking pretty Japaneesy to me !!Bali ! Love the people, love the culture and arts, love the beatiful landscape
not sureIt depends on the country you stay. The best is to call the Embassy of Singapore or its consulate and check with them on the documents required for processing a visa.
Bali's got culture, that's for sure.Phuket has its charm that you cannot find in Bali. There are a number of island resorts where you can stay with plenty of privacy. And great surroundings too. Options to head to Phang=nga or Krabi from Phuket, all by boat, and you have more beach and island resorts to try and explore. You just cannot do island hoping in Bali.Bali, hands down.... Phuket is party place and many people around. Not the best place for honeymoon.. . There are big touristy places in Bali, but they are many quiet towns for some romance. It has plenty of culture and one of my favourite places I visited when I was in Asia.Phuket for a honeymoon...are you looking to have a threesome?. If so then it would be a good place to go, otherwise forget it. If you like Thai food and architecture spend a few days in Bangkok seeing the temple etc, and then fly to Koh Samui and relax on the beach or the other way around. If you decide on Bali book into one of the nicer hotels in Nusa Dua, 5 star hotels there are very cheap but you wont find anywhere near as much architecture to see there, its more of a resort area.Phuket ( POO-KET) is unfortunately overdeveloped and no longer a hidden secret.. Based on the pictures, I think Bali might be more romantic and more interesting architecturally.. In general Thais are very nice though and Thai food is the best.. I am not sure I will feel 100% safe in Bali from previous history with terrorists and bombing.  It might be OK now, however.. I don't think you can go wrong with either one.Is Phuket pronounced the way I think it is?  How appropo for a honeymoon!Bali is amazing. I would denfentility go there. Phuket is so overratedYour timing is relevant because of the weather.. . Bali's weather is at its best now until say September. Phuket's weather is best Dec - March. The periods in the middle are changeable.. . Architecturally Bali is far and away the best. If you propose stopping in Bangkok on the way to Phuket then that would slightly change things.. . I like both places but they each have different strengths.. . . Regards Tony
If you mean, how do I apply for a frequent flyer membership with an airline. The easiest way is to phone them. They will take the info and immediately give you the number.. . On line .....every airline is different.From what company?
If you plan to spend that amount of money.. it can be done...  but I would recommend to travel VERY lightly.. with no expensive item that would be extremely bothersome if they were stolen.....  then you could stay at hostels.. cheap low budget hotels.. and eat away from the champs elsees...  eating Kabob sandwiches  and chinese foods  etc... I am here now for work, and will be here for another year..  but YES it can be done.good luck. paris sucks the life out of you and all money you have so even if you dont spent 100$ getting there you can probably expect to spend alot more to just live from what i herd.How long do you plan to stay and where are you traveling from?work while travel or just don eatGet the Rick Steves book "Europe on $20 a day" or "Europe through the backdoor". They really help you save money.Those $20 / day books are very, very old!. One night in a hostel costs more than that alone!. Don't go to Paris if you don't have some money to spend.. (But to save some money you can go on one of the free museum days - the crowds are crazy though.)Here's how: Buy a round trip ticket to Paris.  When you arrive, go through customs and go directly to the restaurant in the airport.  Eat a meal.  Then, get back on the plane and fly home.  You should be able to do that for just under $1000.I stayed in Paris, in May this year - in a hostel AUBERGE INTERNATIONAL (with another two friends of mine): 60 EURO/ night - the room had separate shower and toilet. . Food - from FRANPRIX shops: mineral water: 0.35 EURO (1.5 liter), salad (1.7 EURO); chocolate (1.35 EURO) - acceptable, no?. At Mc Donald's - Royal Bacon - 1.95 EURO; . Transport: buy CARTE ORANGE (3 days - 18.25 EURO) - you can travel by bus, metro, RER=train) anywhere you want. . Such an ORANGE CARD (a travel pass) can be bought even for ONE day...max. is 5!. If you have more questions about Paris, please feel free to ask me!. Have a nice trip! . AlexandraIn Paris you cannot help yourself from shopping... and a leather designer bag costs around 1000$... So, keep away from shops...
try national express if you book well in advance they have very low prices from a £1.... i did to some destinations in UK and very nice.... Buses depart from a depot just 5m walking from Victoria Station.Bus from Victoria StationUse this website it'll give you the cheapest fare going. http://www.lastminute.com doesn't just do flight trains stuff to.Coach, as suggested, but a flight may only cost you £40.. and save you a day travelling!. . From any of the local airports, particularly City Airport in the docklandswalk, that should be cheap as free.walkWALKHi.. . Its probably going to be coach.  www.gobycoach.co.uk.   However, if you go on www.thetrainline.co.uk, be flexible with your dates, and times of travel and you should be able to pick up something cheap.  Also, click on the single ticket option aswell.  Often it is cheaper to buy two single tickets, rather than a return.. . Thanks
September can be hot ... and humid. The trade winds give way to Konas, which bring in the vog and humidity. . Vog is volcanic ash from Kilauea on the Big Island.Average temp. in Honolulu, HI for the month of September:. High: 88.5° F . Low: 73.6° F . Avg. Precip.: 0.80 in . . It can be hot! maybe the humidity has a lot to do with the perceived heat.  I recall last September being relatively dry (little rain)Highs around 89, lows around 75, dry.It's hot and humid for Hawaii. That is not to say it's bad like Florida, just it's not one of their better months. Dress very light, ware a hat and sun screen...you will have a great time.Honolulu, Just about always sunny in September. Bring you sunblock and several bathing suits because you'll want to be at the beach everyday. Wearing a wet suit feels yucky.. If it rains the rain is warm, so be young and play in the rain it's fun. Have fun and don't forget to wear your sunscreen, turning red as a Lobster will ruin your trip.I'd say its great, lived there all my life and it seems like the weather will never change. Wishing I was going back home to Hawai'i. I hope you both enjoy your trip to Hawai'i.Same as every other day. 72 and sunny.
I think you were referring to my answer about no proper ID when returning to the US.. . Tell them you didn't know, you lost it ... something like thatHUH?It could be a form of begging, however I'd need more information to give you a proper answer.what the hell are you talking about
well, the U looks like a horseshoe, the S is like a little snake and the A is a tipi!. . that's all for today, boys and girls, time for milk and cookies!Between the USA and............??and what?The USA and what an overripe sprig of parsley or a honeydew melon well ones a country and the other two are edible hope that clears that up for you pumpkincomplete the question, then u'll get answers
July is one of the hottest months and very rainy/humid because it is the monsoon season.. . If you are planning a trip, the best time to go to Thailand is between November and February.bring a kayak, a raincoat, and a umbrellaThailand is a huge country where the weather can be pretty different from one end to the other. It would depend on where you were planning to go and what you wanted to do there.. . If you're looking at the southern beaches, you'll probably run into the SW monsoon, both on the Andaman coast and the Gulf of Thailand. It will rain but downpours are not continuous throughout the day. It will normally rain in the late afternoon / early evening when they're heavy but will only last an hour or so. Rain for days on end is really rare.. . It's a great month to visit national parks, go walking and see some animals in their natural habitat. You'll get good weather in the Korat province, north east of Bangkok where you can visit Thailand's most famous national park, Khao Yai(or 'big mountain'). Or head north up towards the provinces of Chiang Mai or Chiang Rai where the weather is generally more pleasant all year round.I'd say July is quite ok at least in areas between bangkok and northern thailand. The rain really isn't too bad and it's not too hot either. The rain clears the air too.. . For averages see:. http://www.amazing-thailand.com/Climate.htmlhot very hot and humid. you wil drink a lots water and juiceThe Thai climate has three distinct seasons;. Hot (March to May) up to 35 C (95F). Rainy (June to October) up to 30 (85F). Cool (November to February) up to 25-30 (77-85F). It's generally hot and sunny. The rainy season usually starts in July and isn't necessarily something to avoid. The monsoons come from the Andaman sea and at times cause significant flooding. Downpours are usually short lived and are usually most intense on the Andaman coast (west coast). The rainy season intensifies as it goes on and typically ends in October. Although the Gulf coast tends to get a northeast monsoon that hits hardest from October to January.  All the seasons are beautiful and warm. I try to visit Thailand as often and as long as possible, while still earning a living. It's the Land of Smiles...rain or shine.. Here is a Climate Chart for Bangkok;. . http://weather.yahoo.com/climo/thxx0002_...
tells u about diffrent places in da areaa guide for travel... durh...Its a guide that has information on places around the world. It gives you a guide on the hows, wheres & whens on getiting from A to B. Choose a destination & it helps you choose accomodation, transport, food, places to visit, Does & donts the religion of the country & politics, basically a total guide on that country. Try The Lonely Planet or Collins they are quite good guides but there are others.
All work there is poorly paid and they have plenty of people already there who are good with computers.. In my experience (and I picked this up very quickly) the only sure way to have a successful business in the Phils is to be in food. All filipnos like to eat.. They might visit an indian restaurant if you pump the cooking odour into the street. Can you cook?You can work in the Philippines but you would have to join a multi-national company. If you're good at computers, you could probably work at sun microsystems or microsoft. They have branches here and maybe, just maybe you could be an expat or get expat status. if you're an expat you may just get paid higher than the average worker.Most people are trying to leave the Philippines !  The pay is abysmal and as an outsider you will not have the benefits of family, province or school connections and everything is based on relationships.. I know Filipinos programmers who made $8,000 in the Philippines and got sponsored for a visa by a US firm who now make $40,000.. Filipinos are among the sweetest, nicest most fun loving people on earth. Philippine business, politics , governmental infrastructure are among th weakest.  There is a saying "Filipinos can ; The Philippines can't ". . This is not the place to go to use your "good education"sell DVDs on the sidewalksFirst of all thnx 4 choosing me as the best answer. yes now on to topic.Computer sector in phil. is not that grown up.The most successful buisness way there is Tourism.Having knowledge in computer u can do it better.Just build ur own tourism office by taking permission from the govt. .. For more information contact me at rajkumar_2509@yahoo.co.inComputer literate is really in demand here...but you must have all the guts to enter multi company so that youll recieve Good enough money...coz working here depends on opportunity and education,,and sometimes influence... but if you got lucky enough to find a very high offer just grab it...the same jobs you have there in india. CALL CENTERS and outsourcing... a good comman in english language is a plus.. But the salary is not that good… an average of  15-20 thousand pesos (about 3-4 thousand US dollars) is the monthly basic. Try searching jobs on www.jobsdb.comas if you can earn in the philippines its very difficult im a filipina but im here in spain because life is much difficult there.its impossiblerob a bank. sell drugs. be a kidnapper.
In the winter (from last Sunday in October until last Saturday in March), Ghana would be five hours ahead of New York. In the Summer (from last Sunday in March until last Saturday in October), the difference would become four hours.Ghana is in the same time zone as London; 5 hours ahead of New York.   Being in the tropics, they probably haven't got daylight saving time.
it was olympic and titanic (olympic was titanic`s sister ). :-)    B-)I believe the Titanic had four smoke stacks.The Ice berg killer...Titanicthe titanicTitanic & Olympic. One of the three stacks was just for show - the liner company thought it would attract more business.
Chisinau, my bf is from there. it's small and rural. nothing really to do tourist wise. nice people though.I am a tudent who is learning Romanian these days. Romanian & Russian is being spoken there. . . The Capital of Moldavia is Chi?in?u.
Very easy. Just take the RER B from the terminal 2. It is a suburb train which goes directly to Paris Gare du Nord station.If you travel off peak hours, there are some non-stop trains from CDG to Paris Gare du Nord. If you are not in a hurry, let the train that stops at every station go and wait for the next direct ! Price : 8 EUR.Yep, take the RER B and its direct to Gare du Nord. Hut watch for your money as there are pickpockets.. At Garde de Nord you ll be on direct lines to go to any place in Paris, and at the Eurostar station.very easy go to yahoo and do you want be my friend I'm hawaiikangaroo@yahoo.com
its the first time i hear that comment for greeks. i am greek myself and i have thousands of foreign friends, they all had great time in greece, people here are always willing to help, open hearted and fun. honestly you are the only person that believes something like that! i dont know how you got that impression but in case you met one greek you didnt like, that certainly doesnt mean all greeks are the same..Everywhere disagreeable people. Who care for them, live your life and stay away from them. . So ova prasanje gi vrtis lugeto na nivnata strana, bidi pretpazliva, tie se zastiteni od pogolemi sili i imaat golemo lobi, ednostavno ne im obrakaj vnimanie, sto ti e gajle.Don't bother civilized world? Please do not make me laugh.. Im an older one and I remember times when you had not the opportunity to use the Teddy Bear's money.The other friends of yours made the whole mess at our neighbourhood, so now comes the waking up. The same is going to happen to you.. Just to remember: WHERE was the one million people mitting into non civilized mission for expression such hate to other people? Such a thing never happened here in Macedonia.. Please YOU do not talk about who is civilized and who is not.I am not sure about that.  I haven't met a lot of Greeks to make a fair conclusion about them.  I've worked in a Greek restaurant before with only the Owner and the manager as Greeks while others are either Turks or americans.  The Turkish guys used to hate the guts of the lady manager and called her names behind her back.  I guess if you are a manager, whether you are greek or not, you have to be a bit tough to manage the boys, so that was not an issue.  Anyway, I don't know how you've come up with this conclusion, probably your country and Greece are neighbors and have a past history of hostilities between you that's been carried on till today (like the turkish and the greeks)...If you go back to history, we know that the Greeks have an ancient civilization and had contributed a lot of theories, philosophies and development in terms of science, medicine, math, psychology, government, engineering, astronomy and so on.  Ancient Greek scholars like plato, socrates, archimedes, aristotle, phytagoras, etc. had invaluable works that are still being studied today.  So in a way, the Greeks carry this collective psyche of greatness that is misunderstood as being arrogant or disagreeable, whether they are aware of it or not.  If you've watched the movie a fat greek wedding(or was it a big fat greek wedding?), remember the father said to the american that, the greeks are already civilized and you(the american) are still swinging from the trees or something to that effect.   . Well, if you find them disagreeable then steer clear from their path.For the same reason why the british are so camp, the americans so stupid, the italians so flamboyant, the french so snobbish, the germans so strict etc etc. A bit of stereotypes, a bit of reality and a bit of relativity.Over the past 20years i have visited Greece,Athens 3 times, Santorini,Mykinos,Andros,Tinos, Naxos, PAXOS, Zakinthos 3times,Cephalonia, and will be going to Crete this year.   I have NEVER met a rude Greek yet, they are very honest,on two occasions we left gifts in a shop, a handbag outside where we had lunch in Zante town and when we went back our belongings were being looked after for us, so it just shows how honest,friendly,obliging the Greeks are.Come on! Disagreeable people live everywhere! I'm a Greek. The majority of us are friendly with people from other countries. Haven't you heard about the Greek hostness (philoxenia)?. You may have come across the bad examples.... PS: Guys, we don't have problems with Turkish people!I've met a lot of Greeks, many of them study on my university, been to Greece twice, beautiful country, friendly people, always ready to help, great music, a nation with tradition of which they're proud of... . I can't see a single reason for you to feel the way you feel.... Maybe you've just had bad luck meeting disagreeable Greeks?wtf ?  the greeks are NICE !. . you obviously haven't met the french or the germans.......then you would learn what disagreeable means.WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN? Greeks don't bother your country and they don't claim anything from you. Stay there and please don't bother civilized world.greeks disagreeable????????? sorry but u dont know what u are talking about!!!!!What the ffuck do you mean?Even i hate sometimes someone who is better than me.I understand you
because somebody got smart--and had an idea--that actually made sense-- ni dong ma? (do you understand?)The characters are part of their culture. Why should they change just to make it easier on westerners?from what I've learned, for China to better industrialize and join the rest of the world, they had to alter their language because other countries didn't have the capability to print Chinese characters. You speak of pinyin. Pinyin uses the normal letters we use everyday so it can be printed by most all presses and computers.I dont don't believe most of u said to help people learn the language!. . Think about the world of computers!!. . You going to have a keyboard with over 10000 keys?. . Pinyin has become a necessity due to computers. You input pinyin and the computer converts it into a character.. You can tell who uses a computer or SMS's alot just buy who can spell pinyin well and who cant.Its called Hanyi Pinying.. . Its the Olden Chinese way of saying.. In wei,NI how ma means HEy, How are you.. . Its from the Hanyi piying we have 4 differnet pronouncation.. the first 1 is - 2nd / 3rd v and fourth &#92;. . this mainly use for talking and how deep the sounds go amkes the word come out different.In Chinese there might me up to 100 words of the same gerneral way of saying it as Ni.. But actually there is Ni. Ne. niii. NI. . there as a form there can be 4 ways,. . Get the picture?This is just romanised Chinese to help the English-speaking people communicate with the Chinese. However, Chinese language is tonal so wrong intonation will give a different meaning. So romanised Chinese helps make the Chinese world go round. Otherwise, all non-Chinese will have problem in dealing with Chinese.The original Chinese characters are just that, char actors or pictures. Over time, they've become their written language and the pictures are harder to see.  Because of the western world, words have been phonetically written, mainly to help foreigners learn the language.. . I hope this helps, I'm not real good at explaining things.To help differentiate between all the words. If you don't know the character, you will have to use these to remember how they sound like.spelling the pronounciation of chinese words using roman characters might be useful for those who want to study chinese language such as mandarin,hokkien,cantonese and others.chinese characters are very hard to learn,read and  write.. . Some chinese speak chinese,but they don't know how to write the characters.say you want to copy a chinese character,you probably wont succeed/your writing would be really ugly.writing chinese characters is considered some sort of art.. . plus,each characters are meant for each meanings.exm: the word "si/se".it can mean die or number 4. that's why the chinese characters exist to differenciate between these two.and eventhough the word "si/se" is the same,the chinese pronounce them slightly differently,depending on the meanings.Chinese characters is the proper way of writing Chinese. . . English spelling is to help people pronounce the chinese characters properly.. Writing just "wei" is not complete, there are 4 pronounciation of "wei" in chinese. We put symbols above AEIOU to determine the pronounciation of the word.  _. wei w?i w?i w?i. . wei, ni hao ma = hello, how are youwhat did you say?how are you mother
www.CBOE.com .  . . . currency.comgood answer sumi....u deserve the award for best answer...lmao!!ANY BANKERS SITE or BANKS DEALING IN FE would tell you. You can browse foreign exchange and check up the site wanted by you and the currencySEARCH IN YAHOO ITSELFSearch it on googleHere is a currency converter:. http://www.xe.com/ucc/. . And here are the exhange rates:. http://www.x-rates.com/go on to yahoo and write convert pound into indian rupeesYou can use Google. . . Example, a search for "5 USD in GBP" will tell you how many Pounds you can buy for 5 American dollars.
IF you belong to AAA, they have campbooks that have just about every campground in the US.  You can get a NE area campbook and find them in there.Trying starting the KOA website or the Commonwealth of Massahcusetts website.  That goes for the state of Rhode Island as well.
Unfortunately Canada is still light years behind the USA in the field of communications. If you are calling Canada from the Great Lakes / St Lawrence River area you will need to use light signals. This can be achieved by buying a high powered flashlight from one of your Wal-Marts and learning Morse Code. In some of the other areas we find smoke signals work pretty well unless it's really windy. Message in a bottle works but is slow on larger lakes like Superior and Huron. Semifore is okay but not so effective at night unless you have flags that glow in the dark.Or better still don't call us we'll call you.1 + area code + number.  Same as you would in the states. No need to dial a international exchange or access number.y woud u even call ...First you dial 1 then you dial the area code.  After that you can dial the numerUse A Telephone Or A Computer!1 + Area Code + Number.  Canadian phones are on the same system as the United States.dail 1 and the numberAre you serious?! 1+the number. Its not like your calling Europe! Wow some people...same wahy than calling in another state. 1 (xxx) xxx-xxxx. . except that it's a long distance even if you call from Detroit to Windsor, Niagara falls, ON to Niagara falls, MI ..... and so on.1- area code- number
The bus is the best way.  Keene lost a lot of bus service recently.  Sorry.I say fly into Manchester and take a bus to Keene.  Or take a bus to the first train in Mass and then take the train all the way through Mass.  Get on a bus in Billerica and travel into NH.The best and most direct way via public transportation is still the bus. It takes about 6:40 hrs with Greyhound at a cost of $52.. You could try Amtrak via Sprinfield,MA and then connect with Greyhound with a total travel time of about 4 hrs (check connection time) but costs about $97.
Lots of parties, cheap things to buy (just for kids), music, games, clowns.. . This link below is a day before party this year.  The next day we went to the Plaza de Torros for more fun. . http://www.getphpbb.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php?t=427&mforum=sparksmexico. . The girls are feeding the boys a bottle and changing diapers ;)4/30April 30th is children's day in Mexico and it is mainly celebrated at their schools and with their teachers.. . In some cities there might be parades on the main avenues and downtowns.Its on April 30Th, its a Holiday where they receive gifts, and go shopping or to places like six flagsI used to love that day when I was a kid... we had to go to school but there were not classes at all, we didnt have to wear uniform and it was like a gian party for everybody, lots of candies, maybe a rides, games, etc. It is tons of fun!
Expensive, clubby and, I believe, gay. If you're into clubs that's fine, although it is possible to avoid them. I've been to Greece many times, only visited Mykinos for one day, but would not choose it as a holiday destination. I suggest you research some lesser well-known islands: there are also some good mainland locations.Awesome!!Myconos is great if you are gay. If not it is just a crowded place full of gay people. If that's OK with you you'll be having a great time. If not there are scores of other islands in Greece that are great for vacation
It is lovely weather no matter what.. Go to Amparito Rocas you will love it.Guadalajara has continental climate. At this time of year it will be warm and dry, as summer is starting, very rarely windy. When I go, I usually make sure I have a good sunblock protector, cotton Tshirts and a light jacket, as evenings get a little cold (specially considering all the overheating of day light). I prefer long trusers because of insects but short trousers or skirts could be used perfectly, right now they have 32 grades centigrade, on day light (confirmed first hand not a weather web page).
Join the Navy!!!  (super-liminal advertizing)Hitchhike. Make friends quickly and sleep with them. Get jobs along the way.WALK! hey the fat guy did it you might be able to also.One way you can try to is flying on what i think is called a freight ticket.  a company pays you to carry some item for them.  check out some message boards about backpacking, budget travel, and student travel.. . or you could stowaway, but that could get you in trouble, and not very likely with heightened security.. . good luck-- try travelpunk.comthere are ways--but i'm not telling you--sorry--then everybody be doing it-- however-this kind of travel is stop and start--you have to cash in for a while or do some work to pay for the road less traveled--actually right now--i'm getting paid to write this--and i didn't pay to get here----not directly anyway- . skills are  important though and catching what most by pass-hope that helps-  it s a riddle---:)cheershitch hiking, walking, swimming, trade work directly for food or transportation. For more comfort trade work for money and buy what desired.
i have the exact same problem! when i was flying last year i bought a neat little pair of ear plugs (specially for flying) at the chemist. pop them in and suck hard sweets/drink water, and there's no pain (maybe some temporary discomfort)- they're brilliant!Sometimes sinus pills can help. Also, you can go to the pharmacy or doctor and they usually will have some things for you to try.. . The best thing to prevent it is to chew on gum and/or suck on candy. It really helps to relive/prevent the problem.GO TO THE DOCTORthe best thing to do is to suck on a piece of hard candy at take off and landing. really helps me.Try making yourself yawn.chew gum during takeoff and landingchew gum  it will goGet some sleep!they say it helps if you chew gumi've never flown, so take my advice 4 what it's worth. I have heard that chewing gum helpsand yawning helps, but nothing stops it completelyHappens to me all the time. It's better if you can request a seat as close to the front of the plane as possible, seems that when I'm in the tail-section it got worse. It depends on where it's landing too, the rate of decent and all.. . Sitting near the windows seem to help too, not sure if the pressure somehow accumilated in the middle but when I had a seat there, it was also the first time it hurt so much I cried. . . Chewing gum definately helped me, sucking on candy or drinking something, basically swallowing stuff helped when pinching the nose and blowing couldn't (and doesn't) help. . . There was another time I actually tilted my head and somehow managed to pop my ear a little, releasing a bit of the pressure. Try massaging behind your ears too. . . You should get your ears checked. I didn't know why one of my ears were affected so badly until my doc told me that I had a crooked ear canal. . . And always make sure you clean your ears before flying. Just like diving, dirty ears will hurt. . . Enjoy your next trip :Dtry chewing gums. pay a visit to doc before u go. airport authorities are also helping these days providing remedies. put some cotton in ur ears while landing and take off. if not cotton try ear phonestry chewing alot of gum and if your ears still have problems then hold your nose and close your mouth and try blowing really really hard, yes it hurts your ears a little but it's worth it...i have the same problemChewing gum helps.  And closing your nose and mouth, while blowing out helps them pop too.  Just don't do that one multiple times in a row.
Maybe you should write to the Airports Authority of India (the agency responsible for running the Airports in India till they are privatised) or try with the portal of CISF this is the agency reponsible for providing security and security personnel in the Airports of India. CISF stands for Central Industrial Security Force it is based in Hyderabad India. CISF is a Federal or Central Government agency.and spoil your vacation? come on.. that will help the administration to torture you more, and at the end, you still have not had your complaint redressed, and iether your ego, and most of all, you end up losing the good time you came here to have.. better leave it.. and just keep in mind that there would be more to come..Good luck, because they will hide behind 9/11 and new security measures...they will call you "unpatriotic" or a "Potential terrorist" to cover their intrusive, rude, attacks.. . Be glad that places are being that thorough, because maybe those actions will help prevent the next hi-jacking.To be quite honest with you, the Indian Government is not going to care at all if you lodge a complaint against a certain airport. Lodging a complaint with Indian Bureaucracy is nothing more than a waste of time. Now if you were a diplomat or a multibillionaire businessman, they might take some notice of you.www.tsa.gov. . have at emYou can deposit your complaints in the complaint boxShout at security and the security manager would come automaticallyThe TSA's have Supervisors and Administration at each airport. Call them up or go there
cigarette tar contain carcinogens (chemicals which cause cancer).  When you smoke, these pass down your air passages and diffuse into the cells in your lungs.  They can cause the DNA in these cells to mutate, so as a result, the lung cells go crazy and start multiplying rapidly.  A tumour grows and the smoker gets lung cancer.In a easy way to say:-. . Cigarette's is consists of 2 main group:. . 1. Nicotine,. 2. Tar. . So, when we smoke, we inhale both, what so ever this Nicotine is in oneside good for our body, because, it stimulate the cns.. . But, this tar, affectes the lungs, by apply on it and stops, defence system against other microbes in the air.. . SO, practically now its in the smokers hand, whether he need to smoke or notit causes lung cancer because the tar that is in the cigaretts get in to your lungs and your lungs turn black. it can happen if you live with a person that smokes around you. any ways it causes lung cancer because it is covering the little air packs in your lunges (that is what fills up with air)it causes you to cough and hack up lugies.
The conditions are not that great, but if you watch what you eat, you can improve your chances of getting sick. Unfortunatly, most people that live there can't afford to watch what they eat.  The healthcare system there is much like here, if you have money, you get good health care, if you don't you get bad healthcare or none at all.Not all that great.This is the most comprehensive database for foreign countries.
Just how old are you, maybe we could...just kidding. There are specific Internet sites that will hook you up with travel partners. Try to google search the words and you will find them.. . If you give up message me and I will do it for you.I've been to several countries in EU and i can't get enough.There cant be anything more fun than travelling. Spain is beautiful, Switzerland, Austria and others more. Good luck in your trip.. Wish i could join...Rome is beautiful and Prague also.It depends on what your interests are!
Whats the poconos?  If its mountains I would enjoy just being in the mountains especially towards summer.  Look at animals don't hunt them.while in the poconos feel free to picunoze
What are you talking about anyway??Are you aware of the huge unemployment problem that's going on in here??Turkey is a place where people who're holding good university degrees in their hands apply for being a miner in this country cos they have no other chance and still many of them stay unemployed.Very hard to get legal work here, as you must be doing a job that a turk could not do. And you must be able to speak Turkish but in that area tourists tend to be German
Go to the post office, get the form, fill it out, get your passport photos, go back to the post office with everything plus your birth certificate and other required forms of ID.. . Passport photos can be obtained at office max, some post offices, some camera shops for a fee of $10.  If you are a AAA member, you can get them done for free at the local office.Go to the post office and apply for one. It is super easy. You may want to go to Kinko's first and get your passport photos taken and take them with you. It will save you some time.In the USA, you go to the Post office or County Clerk's office, fill out the forms and pay $60 or more. But you have to provide two photos of yourself, so you have to, have them taken first.we need more info, are u a us citizen or no, if you are go to the post office, or county clerks office, or court house, if ur not a citizen, apply for naturilization first.Be born in a country.details are at this web:. . http://travel.state.gov/passport/passport_1738.html. . basically need state certified birth certificate, passport photos, drivers license and fees. 45 day time frame. those under 18 years of age need parental consent. list of agents in the web site above.. . good luckThis question could get a specific answer, if you mentioned where you were born and where you are living.. . Try using Yahoo or Google to search for Passport Application followed by the name of your country.. . Hope that helps.Here you go. http://travel.state.gov/passport/passport_1738.html  this site will show you were and how.I think that in the US you can actually get one in the post office (you know, they paper work, and then they mail it to you) BUT, I'm not an American, so I wouldn't really know...
Go to the South Korean consulate, choose the category and apply for the visa. See its simple.Capital One gave me a visa for £139, and i got the money back when i returned the cardapply for a credit card.  thats the easyest way to get a visa or mastercard.  (master the possibilities...)The South Korean embassy of the country of your current residency.It depends on what you're planning to do here.  If you're planning to work here, you need an invitation from your prospective employer,and then you apply at the korean embassy near you for an E-2 visa - there are tons of websites that you can check out in order to help you out.
The worst hotel I have stayed at was the Hilton.  First, it's not close to the strip, I guess you could take that new monorail but it takes a while and it costs $$.. Second, its not very clean and they desperately need to upgrade their sleeping rooms.  The casino also sucks--it's small and there are usually very weird people hanging out there.  I had to stay there twice for a convention, I would never stay there for pleasure.If you are talking about a main strip hotel I would say Treasure Island, go off the strip and you can find all kinds of nasty spotsThe Best : Bellagio. It is easy access from parking lot, have many different restaurant inside and really good food, have place to go shopping, and have a very polite&nice people in there.. . The worst: MGM Grand. It takes a very long time to check in, room is dirty and do not provide all of the neccesities (soap, shampoo, tooth brush, etc)Terribles, down a block from Hard Rock. The name says it all.. . There are a lot of shady places away from the strip that most people want to avoid (drug deals, prostitution, etc..)
It is an old slang term for the sharecroppers of the mid-west who said:  California or bust.  . . It means if they couldnt get there they would park/camp on the side of the road, grow some lettuce, tomatoes, and bacon, and nestle in the warm softness of thier ladies bust.bust means nothing at all basically, Soo it would literally mean.. California or nothing at all..If your not in California, you might as well bust from boredom.bust in this sense means broke, bankrupt, etc.... So the phrase means that one intends to get to California even if it cripples them financially.. Nowadays however it is used flippantly and just means someone's thinking of going to California (and even then maybe not California).
no, it's a fuck of a country, so it's a bullshit,because all the other countries are rubbish!!. all the Americans, french, Germans, argies, Aussies, kiwis, Scots and all the other jealous wannanbies can kiss my hairy, spotty and damn proud English a$$!!!!!Because it's next to Scotland you dummy !!!!. . Everyone knows that.It isn'tSome people think England is great, some people think it isn't so great, it's all a matter of opinion.. . Personally, I think England is great - even though people slag off my country, I think the goverment is good as we get free education, our education system is one of the best in the world - why do so many people some here and pay thousands to study?. . Of course, there's a lot of things that could be improved too but doesn't most countries?. . come on England!England is great!!!!!!! I like f aggots and mash, bangers and mash, chips from the chippy, English chips are the best EVER!!!! We have tons of history and wonderful old buildings, Warwick Castle, The Tower of London, Tower Bridge, Stratford-upon-Avon,  William Shakespeare, George Eliot, Dick Turpin, Soaps on TV, English weather, picnics in the wonderful English countryside, English Tea (Tetley), Chocolate (Cadbury), scones and clotted cream, mmmmmmmm. And best of all, I live here! :DI left 25 years ago' so I don't know.clotted cream and digestives and the underground war museumsBecause of Cadbury's chocolate. (Sorry, but it beats Hershey's hands down).because it's the Queen's country XDbcoz England looted all the countries while invading them:)it isn't! it suxxx :D. and well they've robbed so many countries like india...its not even their wealth!sorry it ain't gr8We are the Mother country !! do'nt tell the yanks but most of them are english lolbecause they're a union jackIts the root of our culture.  It is like the basis of America!anythings better than france.Because it is a democratic society.  Oh, and I live in it!it isnt. its practically a clone of usa except england drinks teaIs it because people in England eat Kellog's cornflakes?I'm not really sure,that was just a stab in the dark.It once was part of a great empire "great britain". it has now collapsed due to the crap government that we have to abide by, hense the reason why a "democracy" in this country is a joke.Great? for what? cheating? COLONIALISM? SWAG?who says its great scotland is a lot betterIt isn't that great here. The grass is never greener on the other side of the fence.It's been around and can speak the current largest language of the web, English.because now USA got at least one country to kiss our buttsI don't know!  :(   Send me an airplane ticket so that I may find out!  :DLOL someone here said England was a clone of the USA!!!! Thats funny. didn't they have history class????? USA was 'invaded' by europeans to make a clone of europe. just look at a map of USA and count all the names of towns and cities that have been copied from european towns. Firstly New York is a tribute to (old) York in uk. New orleans is a tribute to Orleans in france. then there's boston, plymouth, birmingham, london, portsmouth all towns found in USA that were named after towns in UK. Anyway, all white americans are descendants of europeans. It sounds like I hate USA, I actually really like it, I just wanted to make a point!Because it gave us the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin, amongst other great musicians. Thanks UK
Try on Span Air - It works out to 214 Euros. May be u will get something cheaper on expedia.comBecause airlines sometimes have sales, it depends when you want to go.. . Currently, BCN-MAD one-way looks like $47 USD on Air Europa.New low-cost Vueling (www.vueling.com) also it has a great customer service! They are young people
The meaning of Parakalo is please. . It can be also used as a polite way to pick up the phone or reply to someone (like in the waiter's case)The right word is PARAKALO and means PLEASE or Welcome(sometimes, according to the meaning of the phrase ). Have a look to the link:parakalo means you are welcomeThe word is 'parakalo' (???????? - in Greek) and the meaning is 'please'.. Actually it has lots of meanings and it depends from the phrase. But mainly, 'please' or 'you are welcome'.. For example:. You say to a Greek: 'Efkaristo' (????????? - in Greek), which means 'thanx' and he/she replies: 'parakalo' (which in this phrase means you are welcome).Please / Your Welcome .  . The Greek word has far more general meaning than the English word please.. . In Greek 'Mia Coca-cola, parakelo 'English - A Cocca-cola, please' However, the waiter may also respond with 'parakelo' when called or after he has served you.The word is parakalo"you're welcome" or "if you please"Parakalo is your welcome.. Efxaristo is please...I thought the word was parakolla: please or thanks
Join clubs, go out, hit up the downtown area some night. If you're at a university, go to some of the events that on going on around campus, you're bound to meet people. Hali is a great place to live, lots to do and great people.not hard to make friends in halifax, it's a pretty friendly place. join a group that you are interested in.Cemable, you have to tell us way more than this...is there a friend who moved to Halifax or you're in Halifax and you have no friends?  Tell us more.go out and start meeting people?!!!THIS IS THE TRAVEL SECTION!!!!. .  NOT THE DATING AND MAIL ORDER BRIDE SECTION!Go to the animal shelter or a pet store, get lots of catsJoin a Society at the school your at?. or on yahoo they have groups of Halifax people you can check out.more info
'you left it a bit late' is stating the obvious, so let's move on: list your skills - everything from lawn mowing to tax returns - and think of inventive new ways to offer them to the community - including the virtual.. . Or design a mindblowing poster stating your plight and post it at supermarkets - if there are enough romantic francophiles out there you I'm sure you'll get your cash toghether. Bon chance!stand on the cornor is the way i get the money when i need it
June, July and August.  In the north, it stays warm.  In the south it gets cool with an obvious season change.http://www.wunderground.com/global/AU_ST_Index.html. . . Thanks!!! Yor very welcome. Have a great day!well people have told ya bout the months,its never too hot or cold in oz.. Life's beautiful as a rainbow, when are ya coming along thn?It's never winter there. Always 96 degrees.it starts to get cold around may through to september... depends on where you are! im in adelaide and it gets pretty cold but it doesnt snow.. it snows in some of the eastern states.. up north it stays very warm during winter.. up there its a dry and wet season. its very cold in victoria.Winter in Southern Hemisphere (includes Australia) is June, July, August. Temperature in winter varies widely; north of Tropic of Capricorn it is mild but in Tasmania it can be bitter. Regular snow falls only happen in the aptly named Snowy Mountains on the border of NSW and Victoria but it can also snow in the Blue Mountains (just west of Sydney) on the coldest days. Winter days almost never ever go below 1 degree celsius, most places it doesn't go below 10 degrees.
read booksSorry I usually never answer if I dont have info or a real answer...but....I have to say...Me too for this question... love travel and am dreaming of making a living out of my passion.. But how, how, how??. Waiting for answers :)
It's called the jet stream.  The plane travels a lot faster in one direction than the other.  Same thing happens in transcontinent flights in the USAThe jet stream. The plane travels a lot faster in one direction than the other. This 'jet stream' was discovered by the Japanese when they were finding ways of bombing the US using balloons. The idea was to get a balloon into the jet stream and let winds take it to the US.Headwinds.. . Flying against the prevailing air currents.The Jet Streamahhh poor. baby.lolLike it was mentioned before, it has to do with the direction of the winds and also, the earth's rotation.  Remember that when you travel westbound, the earth is rotating in the opposite direction, thus the trip will be shorter.All due to the winds across the Atlantic. In one direction they are pushing you along and get you there quicker. In the other, the plane is against them so goes a bit slower. It is the same with any trans continental flights you take in the world.Because of head and tail winds.  From NY to London the plane is being pushed by the wind so it can go faster.Time change?Headwinds from the jet stream blowing in the direction of UK.
Why would someone invite a completely strange person for summer holidays???????ignore this jerk before me.. u should book a hotel and then tell them 2 send u (by fax or post) a simple statement that u will stay there, and they should mention ur name,address,passport no.. otherwise, someone in the specific country should write that he will have u in his home (exact period) also to write his and urs details and to state he will be taking all the expences. then he should go to the nearest police and put a stamp on it. not much troubble.
First, you/she have to be in the right airport... Ninoy Aquino International Airport (Terminal 1) for international flights or Manila Domestic Airport (Old Domestic), for domestic flights? Because its different, there is also PAL Centennial Airport (Terminal 2), for all Philippine Airline International and Domestic flights.... There are designated areas for those people waiting, if u still don't see her, just go to the paging counter so they will page her for you.well if you listen to this you will have to make sure you are in the right country before the right airport.. that means too are you on the right planet!!!. Doesn't anyone actually read the question.. As for promoting who gets the points I suggest you learn to read and analyse what the asker is askingGo with Julianna, I haven't been there for four years and it is as she says. . Very confusing with the new domestic terminals, if it's the old one no real problem as you can get to just outside the exit. Why not say I will hold up a yellow towel, cloth, whatever to identify yourself, and I will wear a red shirt, or similar. On top of that do what all the Filipinos do, have a board with her name on it.. Alternatively if I read the situation correctly, your fincee will meet you in Manila, where you are arriving from abroad. If so hold up the flag of your country as an identifier.. Good luck and best wishes, and give Julianna the ten points, she deserves them.opposite the doors that you come out of,walk across the road,and there is a down ramp,ask her to wait at the bottom,and i promise you wont miss her.she's probably the one waving a placard with a horde of relatives behind her at the arrival area.. . you can go to the information counter and have them page her.
hey i am from W?rzburg i would visit the castle in w?rzburg and the residents go to the kiliani fest (like October fest just smaller) it is in that time frame, for the night when you like crossover go to the Labyrinth and when you´re more into hip hop and techno go to the Airport (name of the club) well look around the town. In sommerhausen is not that much to do you can go down to the river and enjoy the few well at that time there should be a lot of vinefest´s too i´m pretty sure you will find something maybe you can tell what you are interested in more sight seeing or the culture having party over here .....etc.etc.etc. . hope that helpedif you are still there next month then you will be around for the best sporting event in the world.. the world cup! . . i heard that the black forest area is really nice and peaceful (saw that on the travel channel). . USA USA USA USAhttp://www.romantic-vacation.com/romantic-road/index.html. This website might help you. . 2006 May. 12-14 - Freiburg im Breisgau Convention 2006, B?rgerhaus Z?hringen, Lameystra?e, 79108 Freiburg i. Br., Germany . 2006 May. 12-14 - Oldenburger Jonglier- und Akrobatikconvention, Universit?t Oldenburg, Germany . 2006 Jun. 9-11 - 3rd French-German Hopla Convention, Strasbourg (France) and Kehl (Germany) . 2006 Jul. 9-15 - European Juggling Convention 2006, Millstreet, County Cork, Ireland . 2006 Sep. 1-3 - Pyramidales Jonglierfestival, University of Karlsruhe, Germany . . This all I could find for youLearn to speak German.Take a tour around Wurtzburg they have some decent shops downtown and a great old bridge as well as the great old fort up on the hil.  Great views of the town and I believe a restaurant and maybe a museum, its worth taking a look at.
if you hate the weather so much, just move...that's what i'm going to do.  as soon as i graduate college, i'm out of here!  moving up north somewhere!  :)because florida was admitted as a state before arizonaI don't know either.  I lived in Miami for almost 2 years and during summer it rained every day.I live in North Florida and we have had sunny days 60 days straight.  I lived in Massachusetts (where it is flooding now) and Sunny Days were a rare event.  I love this part of Florida.  Miami is crazy.  This part has seasons.  Winters at worst 20 degrees at night but by afternoon 60 degrees.  Up until July, 80's in the day and 50's at night.  July and August are hot and muggy but winters are dry.  Much cheaper here to live too and no real threat of hurricanes as the beach is 80 miles away!I live on the West Coast, yes it rained today. First time in weeks. Otherwise it's always warm and sunny here. Hail wow, no we didn't.You're right. Florida should be called the Hurricane and Cuban state.Well the Sunshine state should really go to California since they technically have more sunny days than Florida.  On the brighter side, the temperatures are more mild throughout the year.  Life would be pretty miserable in Florida if there wasn't rain at some point.  More fires, less green & a desert.I have traveled to FL alot and have only seen rain once. I really think California should be the Sunshine State. I love FL though.
KLM's fine.  No complaints about their service and sometimes, you can get some pretty good deals on flights.  Haven't tried Lufthansa so I can't really make a comparison.lufthansa is clearly the "better" airline. KLM's new longdistance airbus planes have great entertainment on demand even in economy. however seating is pretty cramped and their service attitude is not the best...i was for instance bumped from my seat (travelling with a friend) even when i had a boarding card and was simply told - if you dont want to go, there are plenty of people quing to gte on this flight...there you go..a boarding pass is not a guarantee, but in their views a "request" for a seat...interesting definition. . . still regularly speaking i would say KLM is good value for money, but dont take anything for granted.LUFTHANSA GERMAN AIRLINES (lufthansa belongs to germany). KLM NETHERLANDS (KLM belongs to netherlands)klm is pretty good, however the last time I flew with them was 1992. My parents sent me to europe for my grad presentI have used KLM a couple of times in the past few years and I have not been disappointed as of yet. The service was great, and I have yet to hear any negative feedback about them.Used to be good but the cabin staff tend to have an attiude problem - they think that they are doing you a favour for their services and that you should be grateful for anything you get. That's for short haul.
While in Penn Station walk toward Eighth Avenue and find the Queens bound E train.  Go three stops to Fifth Avenue and 53rd Street.  Exit the subway station and walk to Fifth Avenue and then down a few blocks to St. Patrick's.Penn Station is on 31st and 7th.  Go out and walk from 7th Avenue to 5th Avenue, then head north to about 50th Street and you'll see the beautiful cathedral.It's a lovely walk:. http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/medny/stpat1.htmlbest bet - taxi cab. . or take cross-town 34th street bus to Madison Avenue - and then up to about 50th Street and walk over to Fifth Ave. . or you could take the uptown 1 subway to 42nd Street - then the shuttle across to Grand Central and then the number 6 subway up to 51st street - and walk across from Lexington Avenuejust take the 1 to 50th St.  Get off there and head East - you will run into it between 51st and 52nd on 5th Ave.
they build nests out of branches and leaves each night...Orangutans shelter themselves from rain and sun by holding leafy branches over their heads. They construct a night nest in the trees, sometimes adding a leafy roof.it's orang utans, not orangutangs. . they built some kind of simple shelter made of leaves and small tree branches on top of a big and tall tree and live there as families
If you know someone there they should be able to give you the necessary country/city codes to direct dial. Otherwise you'll have to look it up.  Try http://www.countrycallingcodes.com/Just pick up your phone.... Our country code is: 0082 then im assuming you actually have somebody to call... therefore just dial the rest of their number.. If they have a cellphone dont put the first 0 after 0082.THRU THE PHONE!!!!!!!!
Simple.. Call the operator and find out first what the codes are for calling Greece.. for example, probably starts with 011.. followed by some other numbers for the country code for Greece and then I am supposing that you know the number for what you want in Greece.Dial 0030 the three-digit telephone area code and the number you want to call. P.ex if you want to call Athens, Greece you must dial 0030 210 and the number you want to callit's easy, you pick up the phone and dial the number. now was that so hard?Either REALLY loudly or with a phone.. Look in your phone book, and it will have all the "International" long distance codes.dial "011" (that's zero, one, one). That gives you the international operator. then the country code for Greece, (france is 33, england 31 (for example). then the telephone number. . If you still have problems-dial 0 (zero) and tell the operator that you would like them to assist you making a call to Greece.Find a good calling card if your going to do it alot.Very simple!. Dial 0030 + area code + tellephone number!Dial 0030 (follow by the area code of the city you ´ll need to reach)To call Greece from USA, dial:. . 011 + 30 + Area Code+ Tel #just greeceyou will have to type in a special code, then the entire number. The code should be in your phone book if not look it up on google.To call Greece you dial:. . 011 + 30 + 10 digit number. . I've been calling to various cities in Greece lately for under 8 cents a minute. Send me an e-mail to ang_2000 at yahoo dot com, and I'll give you all the details for the Web site that sells the calling card I use (that way, I will get rewards from them).. . I hope this helps,. . Ang
CONFIDENCE is the first criteria to impress the interviewer(make sure it's not over confidence.No interviewer likes to be proven wrong at each question,if you let him ask any,that is). A nice sweet smile will surely be a plus point.. Be prepared with answers to popular questions.. Stammering,biting your nails,etc. are definitely a no-no.. Last but not the least,Be positive.. All the best.be confident and greet the interviewer as soon as you step in the room. watch out for your poise and speak without stammering. Above all, be cool and comfortable. BE POSITIVE! . . GOOD LUCK! :)Looks like you travelled all over to field this question. Quite obviously you have to be well prepared in your job scope. You have to be confident. You have to be attired appropriately. You have to be presentable. And you have to be yourself.Hi there! As a professional recruiter and HR manager I teach people how to interview all the time:. . All the answers you have received are good!. . 1. Give a nice firm handshake - not too hard, but not wimpy as well/limp.. 2. Be well groomed and dressed professionally as possible. If you have a suit wear it - no matter what job is. speak in complete sentences, use good grammar and say please, thank you, yes mam/no mam, etc.... 3. Do Not ask about money/bennies on first interview - if you do it comes across as being more interested in those items than company/job - save those questions for the second interview/meeting.... 4. Do your research - know about the company you are interviewing with and ask pertinent questions.. 5. When asked by interviewer, to tell a little bit about yourself - don't give personal info...instead, describe your wk ethic, you could also say something like I am single so my personal life would not interfere with my job, travel, etc.... 6. Always turn negative into a positive for example: If interviewer asks you to say something negative or one fault about yourself say something like "One of my faults is I am a very punctual person - am a stickler for being on time.", or I am very detailed oriented.... 7. Always be on time for an interview! . 8. Be friendly, confident and not to talkative. 9. Send interviewer a "thank you" note - thank them for taking time to see you and say you will be looking forward to hearing from them.. 10. If you are waiting for an interview be nice and watch what you say to receptionist. People downplay this person's role in a company - the receptionist is usually the eyes and ears of her boss/company.. 11. Sounds funny, but wash your car! Employers are known to check out cars to see if you took time to clean them to make good impression/how neat you are.. 12. If offered a drink, such as coffee - say no "thank you". 13. If asked a question like "where do you see yourself in five years" don't say I would like to have your job, because that will make interviewer aware you may be too ambitious/want their job, instead say I would hope i am still learning alot and doing well in the job i have, but if there is, or an opportunitiy presents itself, i am willing to move up to another position.... . Hope these help.. alaska friendBe positive! Shake the hands of the interviewer, that creates a really good impression! He knows that you are a bit nervous... but listen to his questions.. keep Eye contact.. n Use hand movements.. slighty When you are explaining something.. as you speak on confidence will build up automatically.. Good luck!!!
They start at about $1200.. . $1199 - Round the world Asia and Europe special. Los Angeles or San Francisco - Bangkok - Delhi or Bombay - Paris or Frankfurt or London - out of Frankfurt to Los Angeles, or out of Paris or London to New york, or out of London to Chicago.. . $1349 - Budget Travel with India in the Middle. Los Angeles or San Francisco or Seattle or Portland - Hong Kong - Singapore - Bangkok - Bombay or Delhi - Paris, Frankfurt or London, out of London or Paris - New York, also possible to fly from London to Chicago or out of Frankfurt to Los Angeles as final destination.. . $1399 - Asia and Europe Airfare Bargain. Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle or Portland - Hong Kong - Bangkok - Athens, Rome, Milan, Madrid, Munich, Frankfurt, Paris, Zurich, Copenhagen or Stockholm, land to London, London - New York, Boston or Washington DC.. . $1699 - Asian and European Adventure Ticket. Los Angeles, San Francisco or Seattle - Hong Kong - Bangkok - Singapore - Amsterdam - Stockholm, Copenhagen, Oslo, Paris, Frankfurt, London or Glasgow - Reykjavik - Boston, New York or Baltimore.. . $1799 - Northern Europe and Asia Air Fare Special. From West Coast; Seattle, San Francisco or Los Angeles, or East Coast; Boston, Washington DC or New York - London or Amsterdam - Hamburg, Oslo, Bergen, Gothenburg, Stockholm, Helsinki, Copenhagen or Berlin; from Stockholm, Copenhagen, Hamburg, Berlin or Frankfurt - Bangkok - Hong Kong - West Coast or East Coast.. . $2199 - Southern Hemisphere Airfare Special. Los Angeles - Tahiti - Auckland, or land to Wellington or Christchurch - Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane or Cairns - Perth - Johannesburg - New York.. . $2199 - Pacific Islands and European Culture in One Ticket. Los Angeles - Tahiti - Auckland - Melbourne or Sydney or Brisbane - Bangkok - Athens, Rome, Madrid, Munich, Frankfurt, Paris, Copenhagen or Stockholm, land to London, London - New York or Boston or Washington DC. . $2249 - Asia Africa and Europe Air Ticket. Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle or Portland - Hong Kong - Bangkok - Delhi or Bombay - Dar Es Salaam or Nairobi - Athens or Istanbul, Rome, Malta, Casablanca, Dusseldorf, Milan, Zurich, Nice, Paris, Frankfurt, Munich, Hamburg, Berlin, Moscow, Manchester or London, and out of London - Los Angeles or San Francisco.. . $2999 - Europe Africa and Asia Globe Trotter Ticket. New York, Boston or Washington DC - London or Amsterdam - Berlin, Hamburg, Moscow, Paris, Frankfurt, Munich, Zurich, Nice, Milan, Rome, Vienna, Istanbul or Athens - Johannesburg - Bombay, Delhi, Chennai or Hyderabad - Bangkok - Saigon or Hanoi - Hong Kong - New York, Boston or Washington DCwell can tell you that it won't be cheap!!Start by shopping for a RTW ticket. better to?pick one area at a time
hit the report abuse link everytime you see it. with enough complaints they will remove her from YAYou are not supposed to advertise - it is one of the abuse categories.
Well, the first thing to do is come for a visit and see if you like it.. Actually immigrating? Well, I would ask why. If you are concerned abt length of stay, then you can go to the immigration office in Bkk and ask questions- -  I believe that most Western nations are given a 30 day tourist visa on arrival.. but check first.. then you can figure it out from there. There are organized bus tours to the border on a daily basis for people whose visa is set to expire - - they cross the border then come back in - they get another 30 days.. good luckThiland does not exist.  You might try Thailand though, I hear it's nice.  ;-)  As for migrating, first you have to grow wings....Thiland!!!. . so got new country in this already cramed world.... were is it???
titanic to newyork.smuggle yourself on some american luggageget the software job in your country,, stay there for 2 years, ,with experience u can go to USA..u make sure u have a valid passport, u go a travel agency and ask what do u need to prepare for ur stay and buying also the ticket. they will guide u how to go on.where are you from? You may need a visa if you want to be legal. Planes and ships bring you to our shores. Good luck.look into colleges if ya want to study there and get a student visa.. my friend went to san fran.. . Marry an american, or just go for a holiday the usual form of transport a plane..you can go by plan..if you don't walk on waterhow bout by plane.  i usually walk on waterhmmmm.. marry an American guy/girlTake a plane!
The Rising Sun. Hence the name "Land Of The Rising Sun" =)Its a picture of the rising sun,which comes up in the east where japan is.The Sun.The sun.Land of the rising sun.The sun. Japan is known as "the land of the rising sun". It is a Japanese tradition that the Emperor is a descendant of the Sun Deity.The SunThe rising sun.here is a link
I actually have no clue... i think its kinda stupid cause if the bridge was to collapse so would the houses... to answer your question i think they did it cause they ran out of room on the groound... sorry if this doesnt help you...!!!.               kirstyWorried about if she will be able to cross over.which paris. if paris, france. i think, it is just for fun. or maybe it looks nice. or maybe couples over there likes to do 'it' everywhere. even on bridges. well might as well build houses for them. kah kah kah.... but if ur referring to paris hilton. then coz she is just stupid. kah kah kah...
You can try contacting the major travel web sites and attempting to get a job like the one you describe.. You can also start visiting various hotels and properties and write your own reviews and descriptions. You can post these on your own blog or web site, and try to get magazines and web sites to purchase your stories. Good Luck!that's easy  just travel and  criticise  and  you........want  payed  as well   good luck  thenYea, you're not the only one who wants that job!
You can't, puerto rico has its own yellow and white pages. Do a search online under Puerto Rico Yellow pages.your gonna enter to yahoo and in search you gonna put paginas amarillas give a double click to the first in the list when the page open the page ask you from where you wanna nouk then you put P.R. and that is ever thing
The beginning of all the good broadway shows and the winter season for fall foliage trips and if it snows, it'll be skiing season. Upstate NY is beautiful a. that time of year.Because in mid August, there are many people and vacation and they want to make more money and when it's in October, many ppl get back to work, back to school and not many people travel that much during that time and it's cheaper.supply and demandthey lower their rates so more peopel come in the summer, and they need to make money in october too when everyone's in school so they raise their rates cuz not as many peopel go to visitBecause it is really hot in NY(I guess you are referring to NYC) in August and not all places are equipped with proper air conditioning. Most just suffer through it, while the privileged get to go to the beach or The Hamptons where there's an ocean breeze.. . It is gorgeous in NYC in October--especially the fall leaves in Central Park.Mid-August = end of summer, school starting back up in a couple weeks.. . Mid-October = beginning of fall, New England states can look beautiful during the Fall. Nice weather in NYC too.
Call QANTAS and ask how much you would be charged per kilo for excess luggage, those airline rates can kill you.  Potentially hundreds of dollars.  Shipping will take several weeks but it may be cheaper, avoid Fed Ex and go with Australia Post who will pass it on to the USPS for the cheapest rate.Go for the extra bag.definitely bring the extra bag, shipping will cost over a hundred dollars and you might think about putting two boxes together into one big one and paying the over weight fee (usually only 25-50 dollars compared to an extra bag. every airline is different though, and you need to check their prices. the cheapest way to ship is using cargo liner shipping, but for 10 kilos it's just not worth it.
It's Darling but really old-fashioned. Nowadays you would say "Liebling" rather than "Liebchen".Why ask a question and then turn around and answer yourself?It is spelt : Liebchen and means My LovelyLiebchen means "sweatheart". For sure. I´m Germanliebchen?...is that you? what r u doing on yahoo? haha.... . . (kleiner spass...a little joke!)DARLING!  I´m German and I should know - nice of you to use this word to strangers - Danke
Some chance of rain, since it's the hurricane season. But generally very hot.We were in St Thomas, St John and Water Island last year in July and had hot sunny beautiful weather even tho there was what they thought was going to be a catagory 4 hurricane in the southern caribbean.  It rained at night if at all and even then it was not for very long.  Im sure the weather depends on which island you are on but we usually go to St John in July and have had extremely good weather.  Have a great time!!. Laura
The weather here in Jamaica is just fine, hot sunshine and an endless beach for miles at any of our beautiful resorts in MoBay. there is no need to worry about the hurricane season, since it hasn't started yet.. . CONGRATULATIONS! on your Honeymoon, enjoy.Beware, the rainy and hurricane season in the Carribean is from June to Nov! It's 50-50 whether you will be affected or not. I would chose another destination to be safe.The weather in Jamaica (including Montego Bay) during June is hot (80-95 F). One place to find out about the weather in Jamaica during June is the internet (Yahoo, Google, AOL,...)
Try VLine trains, there will be a few services as it is the main route between Melbourne and Sydney.  You might find the buses a bit cheaper but maybe not as comfortable.it should be easy enough because they are on the main through lineTrainTrain or Bus, or if you like try Rex Airlines they do flights to Albury.Train or bus??
total height of the Taj, including the podium and the copper finial is over 73 meters, slightly higher than the towering Qutub Minar in Delhi or equivalent to an 8-storey building. The entire covered area is larger than the Humayun's Tomb.why, any plans of suiciding, cause i know much better places.I found two separate versions on the Taj Mahal dimensional issue.. 1.Taj Mahal is built ....On a platform 22' high and 313' square.Corner minarets are 137' tall. Main structure is 186' on a side, dome to 187'.The mausoleum is 57 m (190 ft) square in plan. The central inner dome is 24.5 m (81 ft) high and 17.7 m (58 ft) in diameter, but is surmounted by an outer shell nearly 61 m (200 ft) in height.(source-Sir Banister Fletcher. A History of Architecture. p630.). . The second one says - The Taj Mahal is set on a raised platform that is 6.6 meters (20 ft) high and covers an area of 93.9 sq. meters (313 sq ft). The corner minarets are 41.1 meters (137 ft) high.  The main structure is 62 meters (186 ft) on each side. (Professor Robert D. Fiala of Concordia University, Nebraska ) . . So I think you should  measure this monument yourself... it sounds quite adventurous!Tajmahal is around 70 ft high.
Try the link below, but you need to be more specific.. http://www.canadapost.ca/personal/tools/pcl/bin/advanced-e.asp?sblid=pclheaderIt depends on where in St Catharines you are sending the mail.  I know they all start L2? ??? and then the rest of the digits are depending on street number and street name.
around and aroundGigantic hamsters in the center of the earth.The power of LurveThe central core of the earth drank a lot of beer..and it is dizzy..left to rightmy boss seems to think it's directly around him... sigh! :)It's to do with angular momentum. It's the same reason why the solar system spin the sun and all the galaxies spin. There is quite a lot of controversy about it, it spins because it always has and there is nothing to stop it (such as friction)Like a basketball on the tip of a guys finger but slower.i make it turn
Vehicle sizes, speed, road conditions, traffic etc. keep changing. It is ones' ability to judge right and drive safely. You should take good driving lessons to overcome your driving in-abilities before any error of judgement on your part could cost you or anyone else dearly.One idea I used was to raise the height of my car seat with a cushion. This gave me a higher point of view -- and a clearer vision of my left.Just drive a bulldozer, then you won;t  have anybody get in your wayjust gun it when you think that you have a chance of not getting hit while passingThen you shouldn't be driving alone yet.  Sounds like a few good mirrors on BOTH sides of your vehicle would help this problem.
Train from Luton Airport Parkway (free shuttle bus to the station) to London St PAncras Station.. . Tube from St Pancras to Paddington Station.. . Paddington to Frome by train.bus,taxi,train,coach,car,bike,moped,motorcycle,scooter,horse,. truck,tractor,skateboard,rollerskates take your pick although why you would want to go to there God knows
I can certainly get you one lovely girl. But first tell me, what will you do with her ?why would i find you one.. do it urselff!!!Buy one on net.
Grat beaches, beautiful mountains and lagoons, locals that speak English, great resteraunts, lots of activities, great places to stay, volcanoes, etc etc.  Its a great place to go, I havent seen anywhere in the Caribbean that is even remotely as nice yet.  I really recommend it to anyone.DUH....THE SANDY BEACHES, GREAT FOOD. BEAUTIFUL SUNSETS.............i agree w/ the first 1 !!!!!!!! DUHfind what they might not find anywhere else.... a good timeNot only do you have spectacular scenery, beautiful beaches, and awesome sunsets but there are also a good amount of young people one the beaches looking for someone to try and impress.
it's cold and rainyare you going to the city?? if not and you mean around buffalo, take my word for it, because i recently moved here from florida and im sooooooooo cold all the time so be sure to bring lots of warm clothes cause your thin florida blood cant take the temps here very good !!really nice, a cool breaze but not too coolsucks!!!! it is either cold or rainy,,, I hate NY...wanna go southSunny and 70.69° Mostly Cloudy. . http://weather.yahoo.com/forecast/USNY0176_f.htmlIt's been raining lately.and cool and sunny.new york weather switches alot.well today it was sunny in the late morning,then it cooled down,then it rained lightly.so don't worry about the weather,it's nice weather.cool,sunny,and perfect.and it's been raining only very lightly not hard.nEver Now I am guessing sunny
It's going to be a great deal more than $50.00.  It costs between 20 and 25 dollars to take a cab from LaGuardia just to Manhattan in good traffic...if you hit any bad traffic...the sky's the limit.  It makes MUCH more sense to fly into Newark and, because Newark is a much larger airport and more of hub than LaGuardia, the airfare may be cheaper.You should check the local taxi companies, most of them should have a flat rate.Ridiculously expensive.  Don't fly into LaGuardia if you are going to NJ. Fly into Newark.  . . I'll take a guess and say at least $50. NYC cabs cannot pick up fares in NJ, so you have to pay them to get back to NY with tolls...A fortune probably.
It's spelled the same way in English as in German. "Zebra." However, the German pronunciation would be closer to "Tsay-bra" and the r would be more liquid-sounding like in the French language.its the same spelling but the pronounciation is:. . tsey-brah . . not bruh, that's wrongZebrahoffen!  LOL  just joking.(zah-brh). well i think so. =) lolololololzebraWatermelonZebra - Tsay-Bruh. . spelled the same, just a different pronunciation.. . . For further answers, a fantastic on-line dictionary is LEO, through the U. Munich.  It has both English to German and German to English optionswatermelon
China town. The first place I go to everytime I visit.times square for the shows and the peopleI will recommended a walk in the Central Park and in the Fifth Ave., The Empire State Bldg.and Brian Park. The following museums: Metropolitan, Guggenheim, Natural History with the Planetarium,  The Soho, Greenwich Village and Rockefeller Center. I personally don't like to go to site of the World Trade Center and China Town. If you have Kids don't miss the American Girl store and The Toys Are Us at Time Square. There are plenty of restaurants. I also recommended a trip in the Subway is essential part of the City. I love New York.I am not from there, but I would want to go and see the World Trade Center site, the Statue of Liberty, and Ellis Island, to start.
In yahoo messenger you have message archive under contacts drop down menu. You can select to store messages for lifetime or the time you are logged on to messenger. If not selected yahoo deletes the messages that exist once you login into messenger and check themYou need a GLASSES!!!if u mean the messenger................ download the new version of yahoo messenger...you will have to first get online and then download them
pay the big bucks or be one of the carriers top tier travellers (Like over a million miles a year or 65 flights a year, etc).  trust me I upgraded people for 31 yearscall airline.  give credit card number.  pay big bucks.you can ask them when you are checking in,but. if you have frequent flyer's credit,you can ask for upgrade. when buying your ticket.
Go to the Embassy and get a visitos visa. Then overstay.Good luck!  Malta is very picky about who they let in their country.go to www.bestway2gotravel for the best info
Any bank will issue travellers cheque againt cash.Available in denominations of 100.500,1000 etc.Dont sign at both places.The second signature when you purchase or pay bill with it.Unused TCs can be surrendered and cas got backGo to any bank which will issue you the cheque.It will draw the cheque out on any bank in the country you are visiting or on it's branch in another country.You can encash the cheque on arriving in the country you are visiting in the branch of the bank.i tend to go to the back and get the american express travellers cheque in pound sterling (i am from england). they usually charge £1 per £100 you take out. then when abroad either go to a bank or use the reception in your hotel. then if you are lucky enough to have saved some money when yo return to the uk and cash in your cheques you will not lose a penny.Firsty buy travelers cheques.  Do this in the country of of the currency you are paying for them in.  IE If you are paying in US dollars, buy them in the US, regardless of the currency you are buying (I got stung with this one once and had to exchage twice). . Seccondly, keep your reciept seperate from you TC's.  I keep my reciept on my person and my TC's with my ticket and passport.  This is important, if your TC's get stolen you need you reciept to get them re-issued, its the whole point of TC's.  . . Thirdly, pop to the bank/exchage/tourist shop and change them for real cash in local curency.  . . My question however would be WHY???  What god forsaken country are you going to where you need TC's.  The only country I have ever been where access to ATM's has been a issue is Laos.  And there I just took a decent amount of USD and kept my TC suply for emergencies only.  I only ever use them of emergency cash on long term trips (two months or more).  ATM's (if you have insurance against fraud) are just as safe and you get a far better exchange rate.  You carry your ATM cards arround on you at home, who not abroad??
If u r Malaysian citizen, go to Jabatan Imigresen Malaysia.. Check out http://www.imi.gov.my/ for the locations of the office.. . But..if u are not Malaysian, then go to your embassy office.First of all, if you make a passport. It will be ILLEGAL!. . You need go to through your local government office and apply for one legally.Just go to the immigration office/department in your country.why would u want to make one just get application form of course. all passports are international u numpty aprt from i found out that english cant go to afghanistan.
because it doesnt cause problems with the real partyBecuase you would not really expect other cultures to have the same beliefs and customs as your culture.  Is different so What? Is like a Mexican asking why do American teens have their sweet 16 at 16?It is their sweet 15. Just a different culture. Farming communities marry earlier in all cultures.15-quinceanera it is just a coming of age- girl has reached adulthood and sexual maturity. bigger event usually than a sweet 16. the quinceanera is usually held the saturday after the birthdaya quinceanera is when a Mexican chica (girl's) has a sweet 15, instead of 16. It's very similar to a sweet 16, but a bit more formal. In some ways, it is like a wedding because you get a fancy gown and the friends you invite get matching gowns. It's usually very expensive, like a sweet 16. :)idk
Why????. . When-. . 20, 000 Leaugues Under the Sea closed in October 1994. It is the only E-ticket attraction to ever be closed.. (http://allearsnet.com/tp/mk/20000.htm). . . What now-. The lagoon has been filled in and is now a 100 Acre Wood themed play area.. . (http://allearsnet.com/tp/mk/pps.htm)Boy they closed that a long time ago...... It has been filled in and they were using it as an . area for Character meet and greets...In 1994, 20-K (as we cast members called it) closed.  There were all kinds of reasons given for its closure, but the real reason was the cost of maintenance and operation vs the number of guests that could be moved through the attraction.  This, IMHO, was one of the products of the "Eisner/Ovitz Era." . . Check out the link below, it'll give you the complete history of the ride like no other site will.yeah that makes me sad, i never got to ride it and it sounded like a pretty awesome ride.They let endangered mermaids live there
I will just add you some info about the Pico de Orizaba. . It is currently dormant but not extinct: the last eruptions occurred in 1687, with previous eruptions in 1630, 1613, 1569, 1566, 1545-65? and 1537.A volcano is a geological landform usually generated by the eruption through a planet's surface of magma, molten rock welling up from the planet's interior. Other forms of volcano include ice volcanoes (particularly on some moons of Jupiter, Saturn and Neptune) and mud volcanoes. On Earth, volcanoes tend to occur near the boundaries of crustal plates. Important exceptions exist in hotspot volcanoes, which occur at locations far from plate boundaries; hotspot volcanoes are also found elsewhere in the solar system, especially on its rocky planets and moons.When the plates shift,major shifts can be caused by earthquakes, it causes gases and pressures. Then after awhile it can not contain itself anymore from the buildup of pressure, and boom it explodes.it can be answer doing some search online.try lookin at the encyclopedia or search at wikipedia.. much faster...online reaserch about volcaones is all your answers
RADISON! for suree it is so fun and its right on the beach! its also all-inclusive so you can get as much food and sutff and you want! theres like 3 different pools too and lots of fun stuff like snorkeling and banana boats and dolphin things and jet skis and much more. you can even go to atlantis for like a day cuz they are really close to each other. good luck =]!Hedonism is fun!go to night clubs in america boy or girlEither hilton but hilton doesnt have a beach, however its in a convinent location, they have a blues clubs its ok, or mariot neways its crystal palace they have nice food there. but mostly i guess u would have to go to clubs, most hotels have a map and a guide of what u can do while ur in the bahamas.
Check with your local Kiwanis club and see if they're sponsoring anyone to study overseas. You can also check with your language department and see what programs are available.. My step sister is going to Germany in August and will be living with 7 different host families for the 9 months she is there.. You also might want to check into being an au pair.EXCHANGE STUDENT
A lesson where they teach you the hazards of the road. For example braking on wet or icy roads.Realizing that you only control the car behind the one in front of you.. . Driving accordingly. :)Advanced driving or defensive driving is a form of training for motor vehicle drivers that goes beyond mastery of the rules of the road and the basic mechanics of driving. Its aim is to reduce the risk of driving by anticipating dangerous situations, despite adverse conditions or the mistakes of others. This can be achieved through adherence to a variety of general rules, as well as the practice of specific driving techniques.DRIVING DEFENSIVEThinking about what some drivers are going to do before they do it.
The weather will be in the mid 20's. Nice and warm. Hope you enjoy your trip- you'll love it here!Go here and pick a location.  Tunisia is great, I loved my visit.  . . http://weather.yahoo.com/regional/TSXX_f.html. . By the way, the country is very small so the coastal weather will be pretty much the same throughout the country.Try google.com weather upto 10 day forecast.. Tunisia a Place NOT in my opinion to goto, having been there ripped off, far too many wondering hands out in the streets from the locals, they will reatch accross your male companion to grabb your boobs, KEEP your hand on the wallet or that'll go to! Food in the 5 star hotel my family stayed in was the left-overs from another hotel, Yes! believe me, proved it to be fact.. Each of my 3 daughters were malested one way or another, the youngest was 13 yrs old.
TRY UR FINGERalso would recommend getting a calling card for cheaper rates (2-3 cents / minute)dial 00111 then the area code and number in Austin that you want to reach.  . . (in general austin phone numbers are in area code 512, so you most likely need to dial: 00111 512 + the seven digit number)
A VERY EXCITING PLACE.. . LAND OF OPPORTUNITIES.. . THE countryTheir president wants to rule the world. (sorry, 7 words)God-Blessed, Free Societynation of the past glory.big, ugly, self obsessed and arrogant!Land of the been-free."THE UNITED WE FINALLY FALL"Wouldn't live anywhere else DUDE!the worlds biggest oppressorarrogant. ignorant. delusional. formerly free. . This is 5 words which is not less than 5 but close enough. ;)obese, self-obsessive, ignorant, money-craved, unhumanist.. . N.B they're all negative points.. hmm.. i wonder y?BIBLE FOUNDED, DISOBEDIENT, SOON PUNISHED!Europe 2.0, new and improved.united states of americaBright, Shining, Strong and good!AWESOME! WONDERFUL! BEAUTIFUL! FREEDOM!We Will Impeach BushUnited Slowly associationSimply the best country!. . . (thats only 4 words)Home of the simi freeover confident and mislead individuals
Try Rand McNally's website.  I always use it when I plan road trips, because you can enter in multiple towns for a customized itinerary.You should try Mapquest.com I always use it when going on road trips.Fly
im in queensland,,,beautiful one day perfect the next !. hot and sunny here today.I'm in melbourne, it's autumn but it feels like winter because it's really cold. But the sun in out today, so yeah!!!Australia is roughly the same size as the US.  IF I asked you what the weather is like in the US what would you say?  You would probably ask where ......... Minnesota or Florida or Arizona and what time of year.  The answer is anywhere from freezing cold in the Tasmanian alps in June to so freakin' hot in the desert of western australia in February that you would not last more than a few hours outside.hot leme ask a monkey
It's not French.  It looks like it might be Creole.Don't eat oysters after putting the radio down the well..  I thinkwhatever it means - its not french in any case
Get one that is made of lightweight materials & as light as possible.  Mine is made by Ciao! & was reasonably priced. Buy a brightly colored suitcase so you can see it on the carousel.  Also buy a luggage scale - they run about $10 & can be purchased from magellans.com.  They weigh only a few ounces so you can pack it to check your luggage for your return trip.  Also check w/your carrier to see how much carryon luggage you are permitted.the type of suitcase isn´t important ... as long as it is tough and withstand all the throwing and bashing it will get when it´s in transit.  I personally try to use the hard case, Samsonite and the like, may not be the prettiest but at least it lasts more than one journeyIt has to be strong enough. But dimensions will depend what kind of things make these 20 kg. One thing if you bring stone collection, another - if tea samples for a fair...
Partly because the summer months are the most expensive times to travel and secondly because of the high gas prices. Airplanes use a lot of fuel!Because gas is really hard to get and they are really expensive so flights need a lot of gas so it's so expensive.My theory is that its costing more to put more security in airports ever since September 11th therefor to get the money necessary for that security they need more money than usual and are therefor charging more ^_^because it's the summer and everyone is travelling!because the airplanes expensive tooI always take European vacations in February when prices are dirt cheap, the weather is lousy, and everyone welcomes me.  Summers I do local things and maybe a few short trips that I priceline the hotels.  Just got a 4 star hotel in nashville for $48 that way, regularly $120. In winter I never spend more than $700 for one person for a week in Europe including all package components. Summers are at least 3 times that price.Because of gas prices being so highgas and security
I believe that's because Humans were always curious creatures always wanting to know more and discover new places, see new people and enjoy other people's company. Like someone used to say, "Look at others and show yourself off." :) I guess it's the sense of adventure and the thrill of the newly found experience that makes so many people turn to traveling, to discover different places and different countries and see something in person that they've never seen before :)I like to be able to get away just so I can handle my everyday life without going insane. As far as trying to run away from something, I think it is the same concept of always wanting something and not being able to be content with what we have. If there is a place out there that interest me and I have not been to it yet, then I want to go, no matter if I have been to a dozen places before.because it's fun to get away and see new places that are different from what you are used toFor peace of mind and to relax ourselves physically and/or mently.Becaue it is something new and exciting.. It is something different.. We all have a desire to get away from where ever it is we are at the moment.. A nice change of pace/scenary.Gives us a chance to get out of this place.It depends on our purpose.  If we are tourists, travelling gives us a chance to see other things in life we don't get to see everyday.  For business, we would like to improve our relationships with partner firms and get something we need for our own firm - it may be a good source of revenue/income.because the world is a book
Each State has its own combination of numbers that make up the postcodes. E.g. Sydney is 2000 and all suburbs in New South Wales (the state that Sydney is in ) has a code starting  with 2....i.e. 2xxxzipcodes are not in use in Australia.. . We have post codes, and each suburb/town/city has their own.  . . Each state begins with a different number, and has 4 digits. EG: Vic, 3_ _ _ , NSW, 2 _ _ _. . and all the capitol cities have are in the thousands, . EG: Melbourne 3000, Sydney 2000, etc.. . There is no one post code for the whole of Australia. . Post codes can be looked up at:. . http://www1.auspost.com.au/postcodes/We don't have zip codes in Australia, we have post codes. There is no post code for the whole of Australia though. Do you mean the international telephone number? If so, for Australia you dial +61 before the number you want.Australia has post codes, not zip codes.
Fabulous if you like sun and extremes in temperature.. It varies across the length of the Med.. Summer can be very hot with very little rain for months.. Winter can be either mild or very cold, depending which part of the Med. you're on.its now getting quite warm...something like 18-22 degreesCit is nice and hot in the summer and doesnt get too cold during the winter. if you go to the canary islands they stay hot all yeat round.
very clear, if you go to punta mita its really nice. I was amazed by the clarity and color (blue) of the waterall the beaches in Nayarit ,Sinaloa are clear,they are not like the beaches here
Paris is a bit cold, but worth it, in the month of December.  The Eiffel tower is beautifully lit up every hour for the Christmas season, and the shop windows of Galerie LaFayette are interesting and lovely to see.  I was there last Christmas and would love to be there again this year.. Have a wonderful trip wherever you go!Everything is going to be bad within 3 or 4 hours of Belgium.  But in general, the closer you are to the coast, the warmer it will be (i.e. Normandy will be warmer than Basel).. . You might want to try Southern Spain, Portugal, Corsica, or Malta if you want to stay in Europe.  All of them are easily accessible by plane from Belgium.Cold. Wet. But pretty. If you want better weather, go to Italy. But it still will be cold. All that winter wind will be coming off the Alps.Paris is about 45 degrees and raining in December.  In a word, "dank."  Lined windbreakers and wool sweaters are going to be needed.Paris in December is really cold like the rest of the country (except the south which is always warmer). If you're lucky enough, you will see the sun or a bit of snow.
Usually for proof of residence they will accept a paid utility bill or rent receipt. If you have a lease on a place in the city you should be OK.. . However, it's pretty late to be getting in line for a summer job. You are also talking about Chicago, you might have to know your councilman to stand a chance.Show them your rent checks. You should qualify.you will probably have to have lived there for 90 days, thats the way it is in ohioDo you pay rent, pay utilities, have an Illinois drivers license with your current address?. . You qualify as a resident.
One such description refers to climbing Black Peak (Kalanag 20,956 ft, 6387m) on the 25th June 1952 with some students. On that day they made a summit attempt from a camp at only 14,500 ft and got to within 100ft or so of the summit before retreating.This is Hindi word and made of two words. Kala which mean Black and Nag (or Naag) which is Cobra so it is Black Cobra. Though it is also used for any other Black Snake. Colloquially it is used for many thing - traitor, person who is dangerous etc.I think this term is used for the person whose character is hitting other persons very badly, not necessarily physically, and people generally don't like to be a friend or foe of this person.Black CobaraBlack Snake
Visa in the passport, get on a plane. . JUST GO. . Ignore all the fearmongerers...the water isn't going to kill you, it's highly unlikely you'll get sick.. . And you will only be pickpocketed if you are stupid.LOOK ON INFO BOUT IT THEN PACK THEN GET WHAT YOUR GONNA DO ALL PLANNED OUT LIKE AN ITENERAIRTY TEHN MAKE SURE YOU HAVE WHAT YOU NEED THATS BOUT ITCheck with your Dr to make sure you have all the suggested vaccinations. Have your Dr prescribe antibiotics to take with you just in case - you'll thank me for that later ;-) Make sure you know where to go in case of a medical emergency. Make sure you bring enough cash. Bring some food that you like with you (breakfast bars, etc) in case you don't like the local food. Bring some bottled water with you for the trip although you should be able to find it easily.  Although there are people that speak English, there are fewer than you might think. Have fun.Get a visa,stick a few clothes in a bag then buy a plane ticket.Just get there first then you can deal with things as they come at you.Buy silk clothes, tape your eyes wide to blend in and learn the language I heard it is easy.. . . Yeah you better look for Jack Bauer, I'm worried.Look for Jack Bauer.and don't forget your visa, multientry if you're going to enter and exit more than once. a check card is great, you can get money from the bank of china with it no problem. you're going to china, please be with someone who can speak chinese or you'll be in trouble. take lots of pictures. beijing has the great wall, tianamin square, excuse the spelling. the forbidden city and many other things to see.shots. passport. get money transfered to china money. don't drink there tap water! im serious!. learn more about the place.Check the weather. make sure you bring a bag that is secure because there are pickpocketers. bring hand sanitizer. i've been there it is pretty dirty. umm other then that i'm not too sure pack?. . YEAAAA JACK BAUERRRRRR (is that how you spell it?) hahahahahahahahhahaaha 24 has like attacked every minority groupppp I LOVE 24!!!!!!!!!!!  sorry go on : )maybe you must prepare dictionary for mandarin language and much of money and remember camera and don't forget to go to great wall because it's great !!!As someone who's lived here now for over a year I agree with all the comments so far - but no-one's mentioned earplugs. I don't mean just to sleep, but all the time: China must be THE NOISIEST PLACE ON THE PLANET. Not just the incessant crazy traffic and frenetic building sites and painfully loud rock which is supposed to ATTRACT you into the shops and the cacophony of bike alarms, but indoors too: in restaurants everyone shouts at everyone else all the time, even on the same table, and all the other restaurant clatter gets magnified by all the hard surfaces (unforgiving dining chairs and no carpets).. . Maintain 360 degree vision when out and about, as the Chinese attitude to a space is that it's there to be filled, no matter if it's only a centimetre from your elbow (I've been brushed by bikes, motorbikes, and a very close shave with a taxi last week). They're supposed to drive on the right, but... Oh yes, there's a crazy rule that traffic's allowed to filter right even though the stuff going forward has stopped - so remember your 360 and NEVER TRUST THE LITTLE GREEN MAN.. . There's a belief that it's good for your health to clear your lungs, as often as possible, so watch out as you walk past people.. . Toilets? Avoid: get all that sorted out before you leave your hotel. Everywhere else it's hole-in-the-floor stuff.. . AND prepare to be stared at but also smiled at and welcomed and helped, and for giggly students to come running up to you arm-locked in trios and ask "Are you come from American?". . I love it, and after a brief dose of home sobriety I'm coming back.Have a map;. Give yourself a plan where you want to go?. Order airplane ticket;. Order hotel,. But the easiest way is to find a travel agency.. If you have friend in China, it would be much easier for you.Buy a translation book.... MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A PASSPORT!. ....take some money for hookersdo not put a lot cash in same place, like wallet.... change money to RMB. take some RMB20 in you wallet,for taxi.when arrive hotel write down the place you live,make sure when you go out,you can find way back to hotel.. find local people,write some place,that you want to go.like great wall is????????????.... this some people know English in Beijing.
Spinach is a vegetable . Spanish is a languageyou wouldn't eat a Spanish with vinaigrettenothing. they can be used interchangablyOne letter (c changed to an s)
Venezuela has excellent medical and dental coverage. The quality is great and the price next to nothing.For quality and price India.Spain has excellent dental care and it´s not overly priced either.Go to Jakarta, IndonesiaIndia.... U Can Come to me....As far as I know, india or Thailand.  India can be quite scary so if you are only going there for dental work and not a spiritual experience in abject poverty then go to Thailand, its allot more western and you can have the work done to a high standard whilst living on a beautyful beach.  . . Thailand is practicaly western these days, developing fast and has some very high standard clinics.  Be careful but dont be scared!iraqCome to Londons Eastend, we offer free extractionWhatever you decide remember you get what you pay for:  CHEAP = problems !
Depends on where you are in Mexico. In the Central Highlands, which include Guadalajara, San Miguel de Allende, Mexico City, it is warm during the day but chilly (coat weather and fireplace weather) during the winter and summer months. Though the afternoon summer rains and humidity are similar to that in Florida, Pennsylvania, Maryland, etc. in the US.. . All three coasts of Mexico (Pacific, Gulf, Caribbean) are steamy in the spring and summer. Sort of like Southern US beach areas, but definitely more so than the Western states beach areas. Of course Mexico has no place that is cold, cold, cold in the winter like the northern parts of the US.Mexico's city climate is good. Overall different states had their own climate, so I think you should asked with the names of the states. I can't compare the climate of Mexico with the one in the US, because I haven't live in all states of the US.
Where is this that place at?catch the bus number 5 frm station..then get down at mehdipatnam...then take a seven seater or u have special buses running to chilkurGo to Mehdipatnam bus stop... U get a hundred Seven seaters and many special buses to chilkur balaji temple from thereIf you prefer economical transport, catch a city bus from Hyderabad or Secunderabad railway station to Mehidipatnam and get in to a share auto rickshaw from there otherwise hire a call taxi. They charge 10 rupees per kilo meter.. . Best time is 5 am to 8 am. After 8 there will be heavy rush every day.
Hi its me. Sorry I don't want to post my email to people I don't personally know. But I am happy to answer any question you have and I am flattered you like my answers.try to answer this person's question and leave email in your answer.Google it.
I have a cottage for rent, up here in Honey Harbour, Georgian Bay area, very nice, relaxed, and not expensive. Email me at angelhimm@yahoo.ca if you want more info. We are building another cottage that will be ready first week of August. Boat is supplied.I've rented cottages through http://www.cottagerentals247.com/. You can browse through the listings by cost range.  They are clean and reliable.  The cottages are in the Bancroft area.Thats a good question... Where, When, for how long?Easy..... On ur Yahoo search type in Cottages from rent in ON or whateer ur going and they come up u can even look at pics and see prices gives u numbers to call and all u need to know what where it is located!I've rented cottages in the past through Water's Edge Cottage Rentals. They have a number of properties listed on their site in different locations around Ontario. Each property has specific instructions on how to rent but it's really straightforward.
The quickest way would be to get on 81 north until you get to the 64 east exit, which is near Staunton and heading towards Richmond. Then you need to get on 264 east and that will take you straight there.fly in a plane would be the fastestSail
My favourite will be Adelaide, with it mixture of grand modern design buildings, set amidst quaint old architectures. Real interesting. A fusion of new and old.Vegas, baby!  You name it, they got it!  (Even a few things you can't name!)  It's as addictive as a drug....try it, you'll like it!Kansas City.  Beautiful city, great food (esp. BBQ) jazz, fine art museum, Country Club Plaza, riverboat gambling.  The whole town just rocks.London..i love it!Orlando because of all the attractions; Vegas because of the nightlife; Tampa because of Busch Gardens!HEINOLA (SUOMI) - the most beautiful city in the world. best landscape and people.NY, with so many cultures blending in and the unexpected surprises you'll get everydayLas Vegas Nevada, everything to do good and bad i love itNew York City because it's my birthplace. . and it's the financial, fashion, cultural, arts, and economic capital of the USNYC hands down. Best city on the planet. Then San Francisco. Then Buenos Aires. and then Madrid. Havanna is very cool in a sad, melancholy kind of way.. . I HATE VEGAS. Such a tacky trashy place, I do not understand what people see in that dump.reno nevada its like vegas only on a smaller scale less people so you get treated better
If you're anything but yourself you'll attract the wrong person. I don't know your gender or race, but most men oand women of all colors can sense genuine interest, and if the feeling's mutual it will work.. . I have to say, though, that cities, the far west and the northeast attach fewer stigmas to interracial couples. Good luck.make sure it is not an inbred Texan thoughHmmm.  How do you know the right person for you is necessarily white?Place an ad or profile on personals, attend social functions, and introductions through friends and family. Take time and get to know the person before getting involved.WHITE is just the color of their skin.... . Its like buying a car, you choose the. . year? --- age?. . make? --- race?. . model? --- tall? short? blonde? brunette? blue eyes? green?. . extra features? --- job? hobbies? personality?. . What is so hard about that? White people is not a different species... Unless, its time to meet the parents... You know some of them doesn't like to inbreed...
Silly as it might sound, that is basically correct. All of Canada's international airports begin with YY.Canada was the last country to pick I gather. LOL too polite to fight for TORThere's a Bar/lounge in toronto called YYZ check it out when you visit..
by joining some institute, as pone of my frd became.like flight attendant? check airlines websites.. Alaska Airlines usually has those postings on their website..Every airline does its own hiring.  By the way, one of the major requirements, is an excellent knowledge of English.Do you mean a flight attendant?  You will have to contact airlines to see if they have any openings.  You will need basic first aid training to be hired.join any institute which is giving the training for AirHostes.. I think u r from chicago.I am indian ,so I cant suggest u the name of institute in Chicago.. Bye
find a sponsor. and please we dont need another person here in the guise of a visit visa, seeking employment. cost is high, pay is low. stay where you are.Apply to the EmbassyIt depends on which passport you have. Check with the nearest UAE embassy in your country. They may be online, too. A US passport holder (and others) can be issued a visit visa at the airport.Hi, the first answer you've got is -sorry- bulls***. Depending on your nationality you can either come here without a visa and stay up to 90 days. That applies for example if you are US or Canadian citizen or have a western european passport. Also south korea, japan, australia, new zealand.. Other nationalities need either an invitation from someone who lives here (friends, relatives) or need to book a hotel accomodation. In the latter case the hotel can arrange for the visa, sometimes also the airline (taht is, if you travel on Emirates airlines). Check with your travel agent for details. Also look up the website of the UAE embassy in your country, you find details there.go to the state dept. and apply
going for shopping it's Milan, the city of fashion and business.. going for touring it's Rome, the city of everything and everyone, and of course the Vatican!. going for romance it's Venice, where all hearts are in love.. Tuscan - Florence is fun for it's art and artists, the land of weirdness.. and more... and more :DReally all cities are fun in Italy.  Like the before me wrote, each area, town, or city has unique experiences.  I would start from Rome, because it's the heart of Italy and from there you can go where your hearts desire.. . Don't forget, all roads leads to Rome.  That's why it should be your first stop.Depends on you and what your idea of fun is.. If you want to party go to a University city like Bologna or Perugia.. If you want to have beach fun go to Cinque Terre.. If you want to have true Italy pleasure, go to the small villages and meet the Italians and Italy that hasn't been tainted.. Quite frankly, there isn't anywhere in Italy that isn't a joy to explore and experience.What kind of fun?? Shopping, nightlife, watersports etc. Too hard!
Its better to get it done, I am not sure if its mandatory or not, but to be on the safer side, get it done!Yes it is better if your ECNR status is active.However that is possible only after you have completed your graduation so for the time being you will have an Emigration Check Required.It doesnt matter its only a formality at the airport I guess.Yes, you should, now a days almost all countries needs emigration to be cleared. Its simple just you have to show your original educational documents and related papers to the passport officer, its very simple, but I you have not done it you have to do it every time you leave the country.
You should never look for a spiritual guru because you are the guru for you own body, mind and soul. Just be yourself.lol. the saying " when the student is ready, the mentor will appear" . so i guess.... he/she should bump into you in the next few daysPut yourself in situations where you will meet lots of spiritual people. That's how I met my spiritual girlfriendwhen the pupil is ready the teacher will appear!Search your soul!
Sometimes they see people pull in that they really don't want to check out so they run and lock the door and hang a sign back in 15 min.. So if you ever see one on the door you will know now that you are the person there hiding from. jk it's a joke ok...Just in case there is a mass murder in the store then the police can secure the crime scene.  Oh, and also for when they close for inventory.statutory holidaysBecause even stores open 24 hours are closed sometimes, like Christmas for example.  In an emergency, such as severe weather, the store will probably have to close, thereby requiring locks.Hmmm... could it be the storekeepers are human and need something called "food" and "breaks"...why is the sky blue?to close after robberies...riots...and for holidays and stuffWhy do we drive on a parkway, and park on a driveway?the attandent has to piss sometimeIn case a lock-down is needed. (terrorist attack, robber, etc) Did you think of that by yourself? That's a good one.In case of an emergency, or crime scene, they can not let anyone out or into the store. Also if the store is out of power, they can not let anyone in, usually, it would be a BIG security risk.i'm sure they close sometime for what everjust incase the clerk has to go  to the restroom . anther question is why do police deptartment have lockers with locks on them? HMMMMMMMM?The locks are for emergencies when the store may have to close. They also provide a means of securing some doors at night (as in the big stores with lots of doors) when entrance is restricted to one area.. . And for kentata, "Why do we drive on a parkway, and park on a driveway?" Easy. A parkway is a basically a road with park, or a road that has plants, trees, etc. along side. The park in parkway has nothing to do with stopping a vehicle. A driveway is the road (short or long) that leads to your house/garage. Most people park in the driveway because either they have no garage or it's full.Just in case. If there was a robbery the store has to close down for the investigations etc. Plus if for some reason someone could not make it in to work or has to leave the store for an emergency.one of the best questions I have ever seen.  I would have to answer with, even 24 hours stores close.  holidays, family emergencies and noone to watch the store, etc...  good questionfor riots
That sign's meaning is 'End of Pedestrian Zone'. It marks the end of an area reserved for pedestrians only; all adjacent streets are included in the reserved area until that 'End of Pedestrian Zone' sign is reached.That's generally the sign for "Watch for children" or pedestrians.  If it's crossed out, then it signifies the end of the zone.There are no such signs!This sign marks the end of a pedestrian zone. A similarly sign with mother and child (withe in an blue grounded circle and the word "Zone") marks the beginning of the pedestrian zone.. In these zones no car traffic is allowed (exceptions to delivery service during defined hours). Often in shopping streets in towns.That sign means''NO LOVE ALLOWED''.What can I say..German cruelty!=)))
Depends on what time of day and if you are going on a weekday or weekend. If you are heading on the Dan Ryan around 7-8pm at night its a breeze. If you are going during prime time rush hour (6am-9:30am to about 4pm-7pm) then I would suggest public transportation.YES! Look for an alternate route!!!!!!!!!!!!honestly it isn't that bad. but if I were you I wouldn't take it, especially if you are in a hurry. there are many alternatives. hope you have a fun time though :]
We don't want you here. We have enough immigrants to deal with already. Please stay home.contact the school, apply, once you are accepted they will send you a form. take that form to an american consulate along with proof of enough funds to study in the u.s. and you're done. bottom line: apply to the school first.
They are an edible plant, along the lines of turnip greens, spinach, but they are not leafy, more stalk like and thin like.fern that grows in the Northeast and Canada. Grows along riverbanks. A delicacy in springtime in Eastern Canada. When the fern is young, and ready for picking, it looks like the head of a violin or fiddle.
continue doing what you do ,and do not stop , so that next year you can ask here:. "i worked as sales manager in travel agency, for 3 years i didn't take rest, what i have to do?"ask a fellow travel agent to recommend you a holidaycome to jordanSounds like you need your own Travel agency.  If you are working that hard are you really reaping the benefits.  I am a home based Travel Agent and i love it.  I don't get a lot of rest but that is my fault.  I am so excited about my business.  But the bottom line is don't put your health at risk.
They all have a meaning and usually, unless you have gone to school for travel and tourism, they won't mean much to the average person. But they are codes to tell the airline where you are sitting, travel information, the ticket code so they look it up, etc. I'm not certain what it all means, but I know that it is so the airline can quickly find out information.The airlines set different "policies" based on how you purchase your ticket and what fare you pay. For example, a ticket purchased through an online reseller such as Orbitz.com or Expedia.com will have more restrictions than one booked directly with the airline. The major US airlines are not really making money in the first place and when you pay $200 for a ticket on orbitz.com, Orbiitz keeps part of the ticket price (that's how they make their money). This eats into the airline's profits. They can't raise the fares for direct bookings because that will make even more people go through the resellers, so they alter the restriction policies instead.. . Other examples... "deep discount" tickets are usually the less comfortable seats on the plane. Not all seats recline as far as others, or they're located right over the wing so you don't have a view, or near the restroom so you have to put up with the foot traffic and the smell. The airlines' theory is, the bargain hunters are going to buy based on price no matter what; there is no brand loyalty, so the "good" seats should go to the people who fly the same airline all the time and the "not so good" seats go to the resellers and discounters. This is in standard coach, not first class.  Upgrades like an at-the-gate upgrade to First Class or an upgrade using credit card miles are usually not allowed when you purchase through a reseller, also because this "perk" is reserved for the people who may actually turn into frequent fliers. And there's boarding zones -- not all airlines do this, but for the ones that do, instead of boarding by row, you board by zone, where a percentage of the people board at one time for all different seats.  The "good" zones are 1 and 2, and sometimes 3 depending on how big the plane is and how many zones. You get to board first... first pick of the overhead bins, get out of the herd trying to get in. When you buy your ticket from a reseller, you are always in the last two zones.  Refund and schedule change rules work the same way. If you bought your ticket on Priceline.com and want to change the dates, forget it!  . . And while Southwest is the only airline that I know of that does not offer preassigned seats, I know most of the airlines won't let YOU be the one to pick those seats if you go through a reseller (this is for domestic only--- you hardly ever get the chance to select your own seat assignment on an International flight).  Another reward for being loyal to the airline.. . It's actually infinitely more complicated than that--- I get better seats and better zones when I book through my company's travel site than when I book direct at the airline web site because we are a high-volume customer, and I can't begin to tell you what each and every letter means. And some resellers have less restrictions than others.  But what it comes down to is a system where the airlines can make sure the best seats and status (outside of first class!) are rewards for customers who give their money directly to the airline.  First Class is for people who spend a lot of money on the airlines. The next best thing is for the people who spend the next-largest amount. And the hard-core bargain hunters will get a ride from Point A to Point B but not a lot more!----maine--- answer was great, very specific, very true and also very detailed, i would like to add to the seats thing: the seats are assigned when you book (usally are automatic) and as the day of the flight approaches the seats are blocked by the system and you won't be able to change or assign them, there are no specific seats for a specific fare, except of course, bussines or first class seats, also there are somed blocked like exit rows, bulckhead and some more for any passanger that has a high status on the frequent traveler program of the airline, but if they are not occupied they will release them at the time of check-in... that's basically it! no conspiracy! hope it helped clarify your doubts.what numbers are you referring to? there are a lot of number codes in an airline ticket.. . on the booking reference box: you will see a series of letters and numbers. these are your record locator also called as  booking reference or reservation number, these numbers are unique and it contains your airline reservation, bookings, travel details and  itinerary.. . ticket number - found at the bottom of the ticket consist of 13 numbers.  . the first 3 numbers is the numeric airline code. each airline has its designated numeric airline code assigned by IATA (international air transport association). . example:. . UA (united airlines)     - 016. NW (northwest airlines)  - 012. AC (air canada)          - 014. AF (air france)          - 057. EK (emirates airlines)   - 176.  . the next 10 numbers are the serial numbers of the ticket. . . and the last number on the that line (which is the 14th number) is the check digit or the accounting code its a control digit used for security and accounting purposes.. . . These coding systems are essential for the identification of an airline, its destinations and its traffic documents.. . The codes are fundamental to the smooth running of hundreds of computer systems which have been built around these coding systems for passenger and cargo traffic purposes.All replies are very informative. Additionally,  You do get to choose your seat on international flights Some will allow pre-seating selection ( I am more of an international frequent flyer, than domestic ) Economy class is further devided into several classes. It is not always 'Y'. Differnt airlines have different codings. They block certain number of seats for each class. It could mean they want to sell max 20% for 'K' class, that could be the cheapest ticket on that flight. This one digit codes tells them how much you paid for the ticket, where, how, validity, extendability etc.
I hope following links help!Route with less phatique: Come by train for AMBALA and get down for taking bus for CHANDIGARH.You can have 2x2 buses from here which starts after 7PM and reaches MANALI early in morning. One bus service is HERRISONS which starts from sector 22 opposite tobus stand of sec. 17. . If you are coming by taxi or driving on your own then take this route which I usually drive.. . KATRA-PATHANKKOT-DHARAMSHALA-PALAMPUR-JOGINDER NAGAR-MANDI-MANALII think you should take J & K state buses to Pathankot from Jammu ( 110kms). From Pathankot, you can bus HPRTC buses to Manali, via Dharamshala, Mandi and Kullu. Contact HPTDC for the details of journey within Himachal. You will find many buses from Jammu to Manali, run by private operators.You should go to Jammu by bus...there you will find lots of buses for MANALi
Not common at all.  When you do see it, it is usually at very specific culturally sanctioned locations.  Normally those involving sunbathing/relaxation. (eg beach, public swimming pool, public sauna)It is currently very, very common when they are on the beach, especially in Southern East Europe. Of course, 'everyone' expects you not to stare...On beaches, public swimming areas, - yes, there are some.. In the streets you´ll hardly find a topless woman!It depends on the country.. I´ve lived in Spain and it´s pretty common there.(I´talking about topless at the beach, of course)only at the beach or in the cities in the strip clubs or red light light districtI think it is very common at lakes or beaches or on TV (all the time especially in Germany). I see it all the timeNot very. TV is a little more risqu?. Here in Germany they play topless commercials at night. Other than that, not too much different.
Ostensibly, its because during summer is when most people take vacations, and demand increases and thus does price. Though I think the price rises just because they have an excuse to.seams like they have been going up since the beginning of the year.Mostly due to increased demand. More people are taking vacation and travelling.. . The price pressure really starts in March when "Spring Break" sends thousands of winter-weary northerners to sun-n-fun in the South. Then after school lets out in May/June it keeps cranking up another notch or two every week throughout the summer.. . However, bad news from the Middle East is also an exacerbating factor with more of a long term trend.
Same reason they outlawed lobster fishing along the shores of Saskatchewan.. . Get real!. . Have you been watching too much of "Talking to Americans"?Oreo cookies not outlawed in Canada. Never has been.I sure as hell would like to know!  I did not know that the Canadian government ACTUALLY outlawed Oreo cookies!  That is SO stupid AND ridiculous!!Huh??? I want to know too! Never heard of such a thing? Is this a riddle?Oreo cookies are not "outlawed" in Canada.
I will give you a VERY clever URL that you can use.. AND KEEP because the question comes up often.. You can find out what time it is any place.. Use it and enjoy... . www.timeticker.comA day behind and 8 hours aheadAucklandTue 11:25 AM. New York *Mon 7:25 PM. . SO 16 HRs it looks likeNew Zealand is GMT +12 and USA ET is GMT -5, so it will be 17 hours later in New zealand than in the USA, at any time.
My option? Do you mean my opinion? . I don´t know because I don´t even know what happened.sorry dont give a tossTen points should go to Maira for the best answer. Well put.Both sides have made mistakes. There could be found another solution for the political problems of that period. Why r y asking? Please send me a mail.Bad things, any way you look at it, bad things.1908-1922 is the period,when the 600 hundred years old .ottoman empire collapsed as a result of wars(balkan wars and wold war 1)from the ashes of this empire, a new national republic was founded by the leadership of Mustafa Kemal ATATURK.in 1922,Turkish nation fought against imperialism (for the first time in the world) and gained their independence from colonialists
I guess that they generally travel after finishing their 2 or 3 years (for officers) in the army, and having undergone such a strict military lifestyle, they just want to let their feelings out and be free.. . As many of them often travel to similar destinations, e.g. Thailand, India, Nepal, Bolivia, Peru..., they tend to form large groups and do whatever they feel is fun.. . Mind you, I have many good backpacking friends who are Israelis, but they tend to prefer to travel alone or with their partners and not with a big group of crazy Israelis.I have never hurd anything bad about them.Do they?. Tell us about them pleaseMaybe because sometimes we are uneducated about the country we are visiting and are so accustomed our normal lives.I'm not sure, but it may have something to do. with them being very tight with the money when traveling.. Not good for countries that survive on tourism.
bank to bank transfer. sew inside small stuffed animal gift?Try PayPal.  It's not only good for paying for items (like off eBay), but you can just send money to a private person that way.  Once you're set up, it's instantaneous.  Good luck!Just don't try to send too much money ... if you send more than a few hundred they'll think you're trying to buy the place (at least you should get change!).I have fiancee in St.Petersburg Russia and western union has been my best solution so far. do not know why you say is rip off. sure you have to pay more to send, but how much is your friendship worth to send it? I also have tried other venues and this works best for me. sorry if this does not helpMONEY GRAM. or better...put the money in a postcard and some scotch tape to close very the post card. i do this very often, even when i send more than 100 euro and always works. good luck.
go in new Delhi write on the big board "i wnt a girlfriend on which i can trust, you should be bold and beautiful!!!". when she show up, grab her and run, run....like a wind..bold and beautiful eh? its all in what you make your mind see, friend. go seeksee that little red x in the top right of this window? click on it. Then press start (bottom left) and shut down. Then, go out and meet girls. join clubs, societies, go to bars, or even myspace if you cant tear yourself away from your pc.take a walk on the street on sundays and saturday, remember u must look cool... and approach someone ask them offer them some drinks may in a open resturant ,then may be for a movie or something like that ... try..im sure out of 10 application one will be successfulmail order bride?
Depends where you are coming from and what you are. If you are American or European you do not need a visa to Italy or any other European union country. otherwise from the Italian Embassy or consulate in your country or area.go to the mafian ( i meant italian) embassy at your countryI'd say Taigboland's experience is not untypical.. . Stay where you are, or go to a civilised country like Peru.where are u from?ask don corleone..and if you are from a country that needs a visa,plan well in advance.. My wife needed a visa,we were going for a five night holiday.There was a twelve week wait to get an appointment to apply for a visa.The web site says it could be 4-6 after your appointment for the visa to arrive.. I went to try and ask some questions and the very rude guardrefused to allow me in without an appointment!!. As a citizen ofthe EU, my wife supposedly has the right to free travel.Maybe because she's black..... Any way they can fcuk off,I'll never go to Italy.. We lost money on the air tickets as well
look in the mirrir. oh wait you cant see ghost. well look in the mirror and if you find urself missing than you got it. u found a ghost.call itDo you have a mirror?. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . You'll see.sleep and dream it.Go to a gostpital to look for one.theirs one beside you now.. a old lady with curlers in her hair.you don't find onebecome one yourself and join the nearest ghost city
You answered your own question.I drive taxi in Las Vegas. The Grand View is one of many Time Share resorts in the Vegas area. Tahiti Village, Hilton Grand Vacations and Grand View are the 3 biggest.yes , you can google it at grand view resorts las vegas
Canada does not have zipcodes, they use postal codes. Search on google for Toronto, Ontario + postal codes and you will find what you need.We have postal codes.  You need a full address in Toronto as our postal codes are better than US zip codes.  From a postal code you can narrow things down to one side of a street.. . Check http://www.canadapost.caBoth CS and Andy are dead on.. . Try the Canaada Post Web site.. . 416 and 647 are telephone area codes for Toronto.. . www.canadapost.caHere are some street name with Toronto Ontario, Canada's Zip CodesThe Canadian "postal codes" work differently from the US zip codes in that they are very explicit.  In fact, there are cases when people forgot to include the city and province, but remembered to include the postal codes, and the letters were delivered just as if they had been correctly addressed (even if it took a bit longer).. . Here is the Wikipedia page with the Toronto postal codes:. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_M_Postal_Codes_of_Canada. . Hope that helps!Are you are asking for the sequence of numbers that you need to put on a letter in order to be able to mail it?. e.g.: 123 Main St.     Any Town.     USA, 12345. In Canada we use postal codes and there isn't only one for Toronto, there are hundreds!  In order to answer your question properly go to canadapost.com and do a postal code search.  You will need the person's street address, city (which you have, Toronto) and province (which you have, Ontario).  A postal code is made up of 3 numbers and 3 letters, . e.g.: A1A 2B2. . Hope that helps!Canadian as well as other non-US addresses do not use the acronym zip code as this is a term specific to the US and was adopted in 1963 and stands for Zone Improvement Plan.  . Non-US addresses typically use the term postal code.  . . Your question cannot be answered with much accuracy because it is not specific enough.  The postal code will depend on the exact address in Toronto, specifically which street, its number and direction.  There are literally hundreds of Toronto postal codes.I beleive it is 416 or if that doesnt work then 647
Get a Eurail France-Spain pass. See links below for information.You got a train from Marseilles to Barcelona with SNCF (the french railways national company).. 6h40, this is the min. duration of the travel (you have to change at montpellier). You max duration is about 11h (change at Port-Bou, Spain) !. The price may be about 50 Euros.. Note that Barcelona in french, is called Barcelone ; and Marseilles, is Marseille in french.The train from Marseilles to Barcelona Estacio De Franca takes about 7 hours and changes in Montpellier. You can buy tickets locally at any rail station in Europe or on line at http://www.raileurope.com/us/index.htm. . If you are doing a bunch of rail travel - you might want to consider a pass. There are some economical ones if you are traveling with more than 2 people.or take a bus. check eurolines, they are OK and cheap
go to the embasy and then they will tell you what vistas you need!You will need to go to your nearest French embassy or consulate or visit the Travel docs site belowit depends on the country you are coming from. no visa required in you are in the EU. from the USA, you can enter on a 3 month visa at the airport, and then you can start the process of getting a longer one which takes some time, you have to have a physical with an approved doctor, send in lots of documents,etc.Find the closest French Embassy or Consulate, go there, bring your photos and documentation, apply, pay what they ask, pass the security inquiries, take a plane and you will be there!!!
Unless you are a licensed law officer and have clearance in advance you can not bring a gun into our country as far as I know. Canada has very strict gun laws.Ring the canadian embassy in your home state...If you just need the gun to pass through Canada, you can probably ship it via FeDex (Purolator in Canada), UPS, and DHL.  Give them a call.
The quality of life in the UK doesnt even compare to the US. The UK is just as multicultural (except 4 the population of latinos) as the US. Also, there is not such a big barrier when dating and marrying other races. People are alot less ignorant there, they have a richer culture, they are in a better location (you can travel all over europe 4 cheap), they have better food products in the supermarket, waaaaay better transportation system and excellent education. So, basically, the US DOESNT EVEN COME TO THE UK'S ANKLES. USA SUXYou are a sad and deluded man, who has obviously never stumbled further than the boundary of his Trailer Park.Brits aren't jealous of Americans. They just can't stand it when pencil necked Yanks spout off about how frucking wonderful Americans are. Get over yourself. You're giving the rest of us Americans a bad name.. . On behalf of all good Americans, my apologies to our British friends across the way. Please understand, although America is filled with shhit-brained bigots like the one asking the question, he doesn't speak for all of us.Why would they be jealous? if anything im jealous of them lol (their accents)The Brits are not jealous - they pity the USA for the stupidity of Electing George Bush and the USA's Electoral College System which produces illogical results.Would you really like to know what Brits think of Americans. . . they hardly ever doExcuse me deary, but if it weren't for the UK, there would be no US, well there would and probably a better one, because the native Americans could've lived in peace. The Americans did NOT really help in the war, they just thought, oh we may as well show our faces now that it's nearly over and the other countries have done all the hard work, but we'll take credit for it. I'm not jealous of stupid, ignorant people, who fight for oil when there's some in a place right by them (Alaska, I believe has oil.). America did NOT save Europe, Europe did, thankyou very much, I think perhaps it's America that are jealous!!Sorry darlin', I'm laughin' so much I can't even type a decent answer. :D. . . . Britains jealous of America, that's the funniest thing I've heard all day, thanks me babby, I needed that!!!!pearle harbour you where safe we,re not jealous we,re just annoyed that you think your better we,re close neighbours politically that make,s us rivals.As an American who has lived in Britain, I can only say..."My GOD man, are you joking or are you an imbecile?"  Actually, I could say a lot more but, try this.  Thethe  recorded history of England is far older, and far richer than ours; indeed our histories are inextricably tanglesd.  You are foolish to think that anbody alive today in the UK gives a rat's a** about the Revolutionary War.  And better in what way, may I ask?  We are less educated, fatter, more  arrogant and foul-mouthed, have worse manners, more racial and class tensions and fewer cool landmarks.  Our nation is filthier, has more gangs, more crackheads per capita, more drunk drivers, more criminals, and WAY more violence.  They have less poverty, funnier commercials, a better health care system, awesome mass transit, and greater tolerance and generosity for the less fortunate.  I'll take London over NYC any day--and I have lived in both cities!   There is a delicious irony here -- you disprove the knuckleheaded point you were hoping to make simply by the fact that you asked such an astoundingly moronic, ill-informed and xenophobic question.  Hop on the next plane and spend some time in the UK.  You might start to feel a bit cheated..and ashamed that you have fellow contrymen arrogant enough to entertain such laughable notions.  And you might not ever come back to the old US.  See ya on Oxford Street dude!!You tell each and every european you met "We saved your ass!".  He/She buy you a beer and thank you.  GET REAL.you are imbecile"We aint jealous, We just have better information on what goes on around the world and see europe as better.. . Ie lower pregnancy rate, less nasty relgion, niceer society more socialist and less gangy.... . As for saving other countries look up this www.soaw.org.. . More advanced? in what way? weapons?. . Hardly in terms of crim rate, gun killings etc, unfortunetley we are turning like you.. . More multi cultural?. . Explain ghettos then, problems with immigrants, racisim and race riots etc.. . Likewise we have a health service paid by taxes.I am not British or American but I have to say that I have never met even ONE Brit who is jealous of Americans. Do you really not know how the Brits view you? You were once their colony and they see you as the 'naughty child' - amusing but quite often embarrassing. British tv often pokes fun at Americans and they see themselves as being far superior to you and to the rest of their ex-colonys. It wouldn't occur to them to be jealous of you. As for WWII, if it hadn't been for Pearl Harbour, would Americans have entered the War? I don't know, I'm only asking.I guess because we kicked their butts once,and then we saved them in WW2. We also saved the sorry-ass french. I wish we hadn't. I love the United Kingdom. I like Tony Blair. I love to hear them speak. I want to see London,and mainly because my ancesters came from there. I feel a sort of kin-ship with England.Hey dude, according to previous postings you're actually in the UK at the moment - or was it a flying visit?? So why don't you go and conduct an on the street poll?? You'll obviously find out you're wrong but you know that anyway.oh please give up all that age old BS about saving Europe from the Germans...look what your "righteous "country has done to Korea , Vietnam, Afghanistan and Iraq since then ..to name but a few...I am not British, but I have a lot more respect for the brits than your country...if you think that the Brits are jealous of you, then you have issues my friend and you should put your money where your mouth is and go and "save" Iraq...I think you would look good with a band of Shia rebels....I dont hate America. I think America is a great Country . Its just the Americans that spoil itBecause you make more money. And because they think you live a life like they see in the movies, with a condo full of fancy furniture, a blonde girlfriend, and a red sports car, and you go surfing on California beaches every weekend.. . That's assuming you're talking about the few Brits idiotic enough to be jealous of America.because they had a bad past. remember the revolutionary war and everything. they are just angry at us because we won. and it's actually the other way. there would be no America if UK wasn't there. because if UK didn't conquer us we wouldn't be speaking English.Hardly any British people hate Americans. Almost all of the Americans I know are warm, friendly and generous people.. Your country has some wonderful scenery (e.g. Saguaro Lake, AZ), vast resources, enthusiastic people, a respect for the Bible, and the best politicians money can buy.. . The few that we find irritating are those who like to boast that they are more advanced. The second doziest country in the world with respect to metrication is Britain.I think England is a great country and a good friend but I think alot of people there and in the rest of Europe who are. constantly with the anti-American rhetoric are just repeating what they have been fed since the fifties by a Soviet infiltrated media that even though the Soviet Union is "at least we thought" long gone the mind set persists.The war in Iraq aside,because that and Afghanistan are just the tip of the icegerg and we're going to have to do alot more before this is over,only nobody wants to acknoledge that,everybody blames us for everything that comes down the pike(including unbelieaveably Sept 11,what the hell was that all about?) WHY because we let them they can just come up with the most off the wall garbage especially the French-(I won't use the other word for them)and we don't say a word because we believe in freedom of speech and they never stop and listen to what they're saying themselves no matter how off the wall.Forget WWII that's ancient history we have a broken world here-now and ignoring it or blaming us for it doesn't help anything.Seriously, man. You give Americans a bad name.. . And you wonder why the rest of the world hates us for our arrogance.. . I am an American who has lived in Britian (leeds) - and I can definetely say...most Britons aren't jealous of us.Americans are ancient europeans you fool...first of all how are you more cultural...nothing is made in america but from other countries ...how are you multicultural ..please tell me ...actual Europe made america to what it is today...some say american are way to ambitious while some say its best to take a step ata atime...a time will come when you will not exist will you be still hanging to i'm american...grow up....First of all may I sincerely thank the Americans who have taken the time to support the UK in their posts above. I am an Englishman who has excellent friends in the United States. I have never to my knowledge experienced anyone that was especially jealous of the US. Some things over there are to be admired, Some are to be deplored, just like any other country. I was born after the conclusion of the second world war but I am extremely grateful that the States eventually joined in to defeat the Nazis. It is a real shame that it took Pearl harbour to do it though. It is worthwhile remembering that a great many men and women lost their lives and were terribly injured to give us a world where we can, if we wish, criticise not only other countries but our own. It is worthwhile to remember their sacrifice. Another important point is that as "Allies" we won through.We don't hate on you, we hate on your administration and their initiation of a phony war, and I'm definately not jealous!. . The british people are very grateful for what america did for us in WW2, but have been making up for it ever since....that's why our primeminsters as how high when your president says jump!. . And if it's so advanced and embracing multiculturalism, then way are there soooo many people complaining about the immigrants in the USA?As a Brit who's lived in the US for the last 8 years I can assure you we're not jealous - we may feel a little sorry for you for your lack of history, ancient monuments, culture etc but that's ok, you can't help it. The only reason any European may hate you is because of the ignorant and rude attitude you have! Fortunately having lived here so long I know that it's only a minority that are like you, and I'm pleased to see so many other Americans taking the same view. As for "saving our butts" you actually sat on yours, TWICE, doing nothing while Europe was being destroyed, until US citizens got hurt, THEN you joined in! By that time, the greatest danger was already over, the Germans were already nearly beaten by the time you joined in the First War, and we Brits had stopped Hitler's plans for an invasion of England on our own before you joined the Second - if we hadn't done that how would you have helped us invade France? From where exactly? Just because you were late for the first 2 doesn't mean you have to start the next one!
Haha leaps in technology, invented by Americans hahahaha, you mean funded by Americans who take credit for other peoples inventions, if it wasn't for an Englishman and an English lady, you wouldn't even be here, because you wouldn't have a computer. I agree with the first answerer, it's an oxymoron.An oxymoronI'm not sure what you're referring to. . Our spy agencies- that we use to gather "military intelligence" are the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency), FBI (Federal Bureau of Investigation) & DEA (Drug Enforcement Agency), with help from the FTA (Bureau of Firearms, Tobacco, & Alcohol).. . The CIA is only supposed to gather intel about foreign powers, they aren't allowed to operate officially on American soil, in practice, they do it all the time.. . The FBI only operates within American borders. So, in theory, if the CIA was tracking a foreign spy, they would turn over all their information to the FBI when the spy came into the country. . . The DEA is only concerned with stopping drug trafficking. . . The FTA (or is it ATF? something like that) helps all these agencies by pointing out who has enormous amounts of firearms.. . If you're referring to American Ingenuity and creativity, then yeah, Americans are pretty crafty guys. Most of the big advances and leaps forward in technology have been American Inventions. It's what comes from having a free & open society.. . If you're referring to something else you have to be more specific.i don't have an idea
nahhh i wouldnt go to the states, every body hate americans and cant stand them. stay away from the states unless you wanna get bombed! the only reason i would go would be to see a football game or a nascar race.Yeah, its the best place in the world. The most freedom above all the othe countries. Easy place to live.... . But do'nt come now, to much debate on immigration and travel.Please don't, it's over crowded here now.The US is a large and varied country with many good tourist cities and wilderness areas.. . Cities: San Francisco, Washington, DC are my favorites. Parks: Yellowstone and any of the other large ones.because it's very beautiful/a great variety of things to do from skiing to shopping etcbecause it will change your mind about the oilers : ) jkjkjkjkjkjkjkjkjkjkjk i dunno it's awesome to visit because of it's wide variety of activites.
The best country in the world.o.o; The USA is a country, ran by corporations and money.. . I don't hate it. We could live somewhere much worse.usa is america i am not like becouse today he thinking that he has one country hade great knowladge ,powerUSA, its a land where 99.99% of people believe what they see on their TV screens. So many people do not watch their weight. The best education system in the world, very intelligent people, polite, rude, drug addicts, homeless, rich, poor, black, white, Asian, Hispanic, mixed races, Islam, Catholic, others. THIS IS AMERICA, and GOD BLESS IT! . . Live where people always respect what you stand for, WRONG OR RIGHT!Corrupt. Corroded. Evil. Horrible. Destructive. . . . . . . . wow I can't believe I live here. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . psssssssssss. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . !. !. !. !. !. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . psssssssUSA is another name for America.  Yes, I like living here and I'm proud of being an American.  Yeah, George Bush is an idiot, but what can you do?  We have more freedom than most places in the world, and we are wealthier and more well off per person than other places in the world, and I think it's stupid that people incite that our country sucks because they just can't live here themselves.  Because really now, if people in those poor desolate countries who like to complain about the USA being greedy capitalistic pigs, tell me they wouldn't jump at the chance to live here.  And besides...if you don't like it here, people can always move to Canada.
u can just use ur mail ID use that and same passwordu don't have to create another ID for chat. ur mail id is ur chat ID with same password use it for another services of yahoo as wellgo to yahoo.com. Create an account with it.. This can be used in all the services provided by the yahoo portal.. Download yahoo messanger & you can use the same ID to login to chat.
I guess the right number is 011 81 80 65.....no zero before 80 for international call, try this. Hope u can reach her!?Looks to me like you have one number too many from what you printed: 011-81-308065XXXXXX TRY leaving off the "3"- 011-81-08065XXXXXX. Give it a try, that might work. Hope this helps!. *Cell phone numbers in Japan usually start with 090, 080, 070... The Japan country code is 81.? I have lived in Japan over 8 years.call the japanese embassy hotlinetalk to the network of your phone. they can tell you howIt looks right to me my ex boyfriend was in service in japan and I always had to call him and it was 14 digits....make sure you didn't right a number wrong or something!I agree with Cyn. You don't need the 3 in there.
dont worry, campanile is right. in florence giotto made the campanile. he was the guy that made a perfect circle with paper and "pen" only.sorry to dissapoint you....campa means "live"....to say bell in italian you use the word "campana".. Every church has a "campanile"....about the architect....well in my church was Mr. Ciapponi, i don't know the other 25,000, sorry!The campanile or bell tower (from the Italian, campa for "bell") is situated at the southwest corner of the Shrine.  Its placement at this corner came via a rather circuitous route.  Designed in 1920 to stand on the southeast corner, it moved to the northeast corner in 1926, and to its current location in 1928.  One of the mitigating factors in its placement, was the location of the Lourdes Chapel, which is on the Crypt Level, west transept, next to Our Mother of Africa Chapel. . . Having weathered the Depression, World War II and Korea, the final push to finish the upper church or superstructure of the National Shrine was launched on December 8 of the Marian Year (1953-1954), as part of the centennial celebration of the promulgation of the Dogma of the Immaculate Conception.  As the plans and costs for the completion of the superstructure solidified, it was clear that the tower was a luxury that would have to wait.  On Sunday, 31 March 1957 this all changed.  Supreme Knight, Luke E. Hart, pledged the funds from the Knights of Columbus to build the campanile.  Thus the name The Knights' Tower.. . The height of tall structures in the District of Columbia is  often compared to that of the Washington Monument, of which it is said  that it is the tallest point in the District; that federal law prohibits any structure to be taller.  This is an urban legend.   While there are height restrictions in the District, the defining factor is not the Washington Monument.   In 1910, the Height of Buildings Act established a range of maximum building heights depending on the width of the street on which a building fronts and whether the street is a business or a residential street.  That legislation is still in effect today.  Since 1910, the District Board of Zoning Adjustment have exercised their authority to set further height limitations in 15 different areas of the District adjacent to public buildings, and to grant exemptions or waivers, particularly for structures such as spires, towers or domes.   In 1954, the architectural firm of Maginnis and Walsh wrote to the District Zoning Commission for an exemption, stating "the erection of this great church to its designed dimensions will be an asset to the neighborhood, the District of Columbia and the Nation."   The appeal was successful and an exemption was granted. . . Regarding the tower as an aviation hazard:  the steady blue lamps visible on the exterior of the campanile are not mandatory warning beacons.  True, the architect's original plans and specifications for the campanile called for blinking red beacons at the NE and SW corner of the parapet; and steady red beacons at the lower levels.   After having consulted with the C.A.A. authorities (today the F.A.A.) in connection with the Air Safety Officer for the Washington, D.C. area, it was determined that the campanile did not present a hazard, as there were no specific aircraft patterns in the vicinity of the Shrine.   Consequently,  neither the red blinking beacon nor the steady red lights were required.   Maginnis and Walsh and Kennedy, while agreeing that there was no cause for concern, did not agree with the C.A.A. that the beacons could or should be eliminated entirely.  They accepted the recommendation "that the blinking red and steady red beacon be changed to steady blue lights.". . The limestone walls rise to a height of 272 ft.  Above the stone, a pyramid or spire rises 37 ft, and is topped by a 20 ft. gilded cross.  The actual height of the tower (329 ft) makes it taller than the campanile of the Basilica of St. Mark in Venice (325 ft), the Leaning Tower of Pisa (188 ft) and Giotto's Tower in Florence (275 ft), but it does not equal the height of the Washington Monument (555 ft.)  The geographical location of the tower causes it to rise nearly to the height of the Washington Monument.  Unlike other towers or campaniles,  it was determined from the beginning, that the Shrine campanilIf you mean the one in Florence then it's Giotto. There are many campaniles in Italy.
Are you going by train or car? If it's train then you need to get the train from Liverpool Street Station to Sudbury. Then you'll need to get a taxi from there - it's about 7 miles. If you're travelling by car then try the directions in the link below.well there is also another Clare in England...its in Suffolk...72 miles driving from London. You will need a car as its next to impossible to get to by train.. Up the M11 to Junction 9. onto the A11 then onto the A1307 signed Little Abington, . stay on that road, then when you get to stoke by Clare it turns into the A1179... Clare is a few miles further on.
timeshares are homes (usually in major vacation spots) that you buy/rent with other people. so you pretty much share a house with other people and families and everyone has a week (or more) a year that they may use itA place of stay at an important location such as a tourist spot etc,where you share your time of stay with others..  You do not own it for all the 52 weeks of a year, but say for one week in a year. The total cost of that place of stay is also shared by you with others. You are the owner of that place for a week in one year.
Are you new to England? That's how it is all over, lovely mixed weather :)Because the weather changes.The Lord works in mysterious ways.That's the same question we'd ask about New England..Because this is the UK and our weather (whether we like it or not) is, will be and always has been very unpredictable and changeable....don't blink or you might miss the next fine weather.
I have no idea. I just know they use that word to mean Guadalajara.persons fron GuadalajaraPeople from Guadalajara that are full of themselves. . ... or possibly - 'little bats shits'Guanatos is a slang for Guadalajara. Is like somebody from San Francisco says "Frisco".Is a slang for Guanajuato, a State with some beautiful colonial cities, like Guanajuato, San Miguel de Allende, Leon, its about 4 hours driving from mexico cityDo you mean Guanajuato? Or Guadalajara? Both are mexican cities.GUANAJUATO IS A CITY
Train... www.germany.comBy train, the rail network in Germany is one of the best in Europe, so you can travel to Gutersloh quickly, comfortably and cheaply.Check with www.bahn.de. The next departure after your arrival is at 1:07 am with a connection in Duisburg, arrival at 3:39 am. 32 Euro p/P.If you travel before 6/7/06, the next train leaves at 1:07 am. You do NOT need to change trains at D?sseldorf main train station, instead travel directly to Duisburg (there is no need to "back track"). The fare is 32 Euro, no need to buy two separate tickets.. If you travel on or after 6/8/06, the next train leaves at 10:32 pm (via Dortmund) and gets you there by 12:48 am (24.30 Euro).From D?sseldorf International take the "S-Bahn 1" (local Train) to D?sseldorf Main Station (Departure is at 1:07 from platform five, arriving at D?sseldorf mainstation  (platform9) at 1:25.. From there you take the ICE 949 from Platform 12 at 2:20 to g?tersloh. arrival ther is at 3:39 price for an adult is 38€ children up to six are free from 6 to 12 appr half price. . If you are arriving at D?sseldorf Weeze, take the Shuttlebus to Essen Mainstation, from there is a ICe at 2:36 from platform six. the shuttle is 12,50 per person and the Train 25,-
I would suggest looking on a train times website, there are loads of them and they are usually pretty good.  Dpending on where your friends live you might need a train to piccadilly or Oxford road or victoria (this is on a different trin line to the other two).  The metrolink tram system is really good once you're there and some train tickets allow you to get on the tram links for free but I'm not sure which ones they are, sorry. Happy travels :O)OUTWARD JOURNEY. Cambridge to Manchester. Outward Journey on Mon 22 May 2006  . Option 1 2 3 4 5 . Depart 17:03 17:15 17:49 17:49 18:15 . Arrive 21:04 21:24 21:33 21:30 22:24 . Duration 4:01 4:09 3:44 3:41 4:09 . Changes 2 2 2 3 2 . Bulletins  .   .   .   .   .  . Text Me  .   .   .   .   .  . Earlier Trains | Later Trains View Details .  . Single Fares. You can choose a different ticket for your outward and return trip, to suit your journey requirements. . STANDARD OPEN SINGLE . £48.20 .  .     .  .     . SAVER SINGLE . £70.20 .  .  .        .  . STANDARD OPEN SINGLE . £124.00 .  .  .  .  .  .  . FIRST OPEN SINGLE . £182.50 . look here .  http://ojp.nationalrail.co.uk/Availability.asp?T2ID=5730_200652216257.  .  .  http://ojp.nationalrail.co.uk/JourneyPlanner.asp?&T2ID=5135_200652216359for the train use this site:. . http://www.thetrainline.com/Buy_Tickets/requirements/journey_requirements.asp?T2ID=6943_200652614052. . for a coach try this one:. . http://www.nationalexpress.com/. . the sooner you buy the more you will saveThe best way to Manchester is through his stomach, or sex, whichever you're better at.train station is what i advise.you can get anywhere in england that way.I can't get you to Manchester but that's only cause I don't know where it is.. Hey did you know that . I can draw a foot print   !. and I can draw a fish  <('),)))))))><. And I can draw a chinese guy's hat  ^. . Cool huh
Try here.. . http://www.topozone.com/viewmaps.asp. . Looks like Sioux Falls is around 1450 above MSLThe highest point in South Dakota is Harney Peak, 7242 feet; the lowest is Big Stone Lake, 966 feet.. . If they are taking I-90, Rapid City would be about the highest point, at 3321 feet.
There are direct trains (every two hours) leaving from the airport to Erfurt. By "having to go to the Trainstation" you mean probably transferring at the main train station at Frankfurt? By taking the trains leaving at 11:01 am, 1:01 pm etc, you don't have to switch trains (these are leaving from the long distance train station "Fernbahnhof" only).If not, you can always use a TaxiYes. They are every fifty minutes and cost either 44 or 48 euro, depending on travel time, which is between 2.5 to 3 hours.Just go to the trainstation office and asked for a ticket to Erfurt. You will love the trainrides.. I was born close to that town. Good luck with riding the train, my favorite transportation in Europe.Public transportation is widespread; yes, there will be train to Erfurt. Search in google and you will probably find the schedule.www.bahn.de! Use it and save time. Plan. baby!!!
Hungry Jacks was originally a separate Australian burger company that was bought out by Burger King.  They experimented with changing the name from Hungry Jacks to BK, but it didn't go down well with the Oz folk, and so the brand name stayed as Hungry Jacks.globetrotter is spot onsometime to do with namings writesthere is both burger king aswell as hungry jacks in australia i think diffrent ppl owne them so they have changed the nameI know a town(Gosford NSW)that has both Hungy Jack's and Burger King,they're both better than Mcd's.Its to stop them from gatting their asses sued, as Burger KIng is owned by a completely seperate person, there are copy right laws, which say they arent allowed to have the same nameOddly enough, the Austalians don't want to offend the British Crown.  But Burger Kings are ALL OVER England.   . . Go figure!"When Burger King decided to expand their operations into Australia, they found that their business name was already trademarked by a man running a small takeaway food shop. Consequently, the first Australian franchise of the Burger King Corporation, established in Perth in 1971, was aptly titled Hungry Jack's, echoing the name and sentiment of the franchisee, Jack Cowin."we have burger kings and hungry jacks in australia, i thought they were both separate fast food outlets.The last answer is exactly right.... Hahah wish I had gotten to it quicker!. I think that had I been the one to own a small takeaway shop in the middle of nowhere, I would have rather liked the payout from a major franchiser such as Burger King.. Imagine just getting one cent from every sale over Australia... it would supplement your little burger joint earnings rather nicely, would you not agree?There are some Burger King restaurants in australia.they don't like the negative connotation associated with the word king.bicos of legal reasonsThe first BK/HJ restaurant in Hobart, Tasmania, also had to be called Burger King, as the business name Hungry Jack was already registered and the owner wouldn't sell it. I was recently in Hobart again and noticed that it has now changed to Hungry Jack's, so I presume the local guy finally sold the name to them, probably for a hefty sum of money.im from australia and hungry jacks was once called burger king over here but they changed the name about 2 years ago not sure whyhungary jacks are the owners of burger king ..now had bought them outBecause they don't want to seem like they are Americanized but they are so they try calling the same thing a different name but everyone knows what it really is...I noticed that too, I just thought it was some local modification.A BK was opened near where I live in Aust. about 4 yrs ago and lasted about 6mths (if that) before being called Hungry JacksActually, there are Burger Kings here too, they're just not as common, but they are owned by the same company.They have both, sadly enough.I have eaten at both!Yummy too,better than McDs!!!
Montenegro is located in the southern part of the Balkan peninsula. To the west, north and east it borders on Croatia, Bosnia-Hercegovina, Serbia and Kosovo, and to the south borders on Albania. Montenegro is a maritime country, with 200 km of the Adriatic coastline. One of the most beautiful bays in the Mediterranean is the Boka Kotorska (the Bay of Boka).By its geographical position, Montenegro belongs to the central Mediterranean, that is Southern Europe. Together with the Republic of Serbia, its northern neighbor, Montenegro constitutes the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. On the southeast, it borders with Albania. On the south, it is separated from Italy by the Adriatic Sea, whereas its western neighbors are the former Yugoslav republics of Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. . . The distance between the Montenegrin capital Podgorica and Rome is around 500 km by air, from Paris and Berlin it is around 1,500 km, from Moscow almost 2,000 km, and 2,500 km from New York.It's a small country wit beautiful mountains and the most beautiful bay of the Adriatic sea- Boka Kotorska... . I'm planing on visiting it this summer (both mountains and the sea).... It's a birthplace of Petar Petrovic Njegos who wrote "Gorski Vijenac" a crown jewel in epic poetry of all the Slavs (in whichever country they lived)...
You can't apply on line...but if you go to the Dept of State. website, you can download a copy of the application to. get a passport as well as a bunch of other use full information.cant apply online but this link will help you get started:. . http://travel.state.gov/passport/passport_1738.htmlYou can't anymore. Look up the passport office on line to find the nearest place you can go to. Usually that is the post office in your town (but not all of them).
Use some sunscreen lotion. Wear cotton clothes with full sleeves.Wash ur hands & face after every 20 min when in sun. Use good quantity of cream after each wash.Burnout while travelling occurs when you do not sleep or eat properly and can be dangerous if you are driving without rest breaks.If you become tired,pull over and stop.Even passengers may be affected by travel fatigue.The cure is proper sleep for at least eight hours.Effects are similar to jetlag.Change your schedule and allow plenty of time out during your journey.If it makes. a hissing sound, slow down the revs jj. Sorry....wot r u talking about....a car?Oh that's so funny, normally people are asking the rabbi questions. . burnout, duh, get some rest every 24 hrs or so.what do you mean?1. make sure to drink lots of water, eat lots of fruit and keep you meals as regular as possible. . 2. sleep as much as you can and in as comfortable of a place as you can, but not too much!  think of how much sleep you need regularly and try to match that. . 3. to combat jetlag stay up until it's the normal time to go to bed wherever you are and get a good night's sleep. . 4. don't skip meals becasue you're not hungry, you need to eat!. . 5. try to respect when your body tells you you need some sleep, listen to it, it knows what it wants.. . 6. most of all, have fun and enjoy your travels!!
Take the 7th Avenue E or 6th Avenue F train to the Kew Gardens, Queens stop and go upstairs to get the Eastbound Q46 Bus which goes right into Glen Oakstake the subway and/or bus.. . Don't mention it.
By self commitment from each citizen/resident of India to contribute in the country in a positive way!!! And I don't think the country is asking too much by this???????????India is improveing on every front. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  Think about it10 year dictatorshipInstall Flush Toilets.
Grand Canyon in Arizona is hugely popular; so is Big Bend in Texas.. . To get tons of information on any national park, visit:  http://www.nps.govnational parks are popular because they are peaceful, beautiful, educational and offer good flora and fauna too. They are often well located not too far away from where tourists would be staying. They often have lakes,forests and good walking trails permitting a variety of activities. In some you can visit historical sites, geographical phenomena, do sport or simply relax and have a picnic. i think it is their peace and variety that attracts tourists to them.Yosemite in central California is one of the most popularReally? I might just go there then. Where is it?RMNP.. Rocky Mountain National Park.. . The HIGHEST you will ever get in a National Park.. . Even the elk are friendly... ( but you aren't supposed to feed the wildlife )...... Then see the Stanley Hotel when you are done. ( Think " The Shining ".....HEERES JOHNNY!! )either Grand Canyon National Park or Niagara FallsGrand Canyon National Park or Smokey Mountain National Park.  Both are absolutely gorgeous.
gmt is 5 hrs ahead of eastern, so 9pm et is 2am gmtET is 'Eastern Time' for the USA and Canada and is -5 hours in relation to GMT. So when the ET is 9pm, GMT is 2am (+5 hours).. . Similarly, PT is 'Pacific Time' and is -8 hour in relation to GMT. So when PT is 6pm, GMT is 2am (+8 hours).2a.m. the next morning
The British occupied parts of  Canada here in Quebec have been greatly diminished by Bill101.The jobs for British Occupants have all but disappeared save for  the French takeover.The  weather is even worse. SO if  you speak French and have a down filled parka mitts  winter boots  thermal underware and a  team of dogs for your dog-sled; THIS is the place for you.Many Igloos are available  for  rent since the exodus of the British Occupants.The British zone of occupation has good demand for slave labour, due to the salt mines in in Northern Alberta.  The best weather is either in the German or the Japanese Sectors, depending if you like the beach or mountains.what a strange question...  The weather can be found on pretty much any canadian news website.  cbc.ca  for instance...  As for the British Occupied thing...I've lived in Canada all my life, and I have no idea what you're talking about.  But for some reason I picture muskets and red coats when I read what you've written...  If you're coming here, I strongly suggest doing a little more research.  We have running water, electricity, and cars now!Daily weather reports for Canada can be found at: . www.theweathernetwork.com. . Here is a really good work classifieds site: . www.workopolis.com. . Not sure what you mean by "Mainly british occupied parts of Canada" -- the whole country is part of the British Commonwealth. If you're only looking for people of British origin, probably Victoria. However, if it's more the fact that you dislike immigrants from outside of Britain, Canada would not be right for you. Overall, Canadians have a very low tollerance for people who are not accepting of multiculturalism.The best weather is in British Columbia, as it is on the Pacific coast. For any work situations, just check any websites connected with working in Canada. If you are planning to emigrate, you have to get legal advice, to see if you have a chance of emigrating. If you are a skilled worker, businessman  or investor, it will be easier for you to come to Canada. There are many legal firms which deal with emigration. Try the Visaplus website (www.visaplus.co.uk).  . Good luck!The british do NOT occupy Canada.  The Canadians do!. . As stated in other answers, Canada is a very welcoming country and has a multicultural population.  Therefore, we do have a number of brits living here.  We allow them to exist peacefully and but do not accept "occupation".Canadian tourist board?. Canadian embassy?. foreign office?. Internet?. British embassy in Canada?Oi...maybe do some research on Canada before you come here.  There are no "British occupied" parts.  . . Here is the link to Environment Canada. http://weatheroffice.ec.gc.ca/canada_e.html. . And the Government of Canada  job website. http://jobbank.gc.ca/Intro_en.aspx
There is this big field in Gettysburg (actually just outside of the town). I hear that some big battle was fought there.. Might be an interesting tourist spot.visit the battlefield grounds and see presidents eisenhowers homeThe battle field is a given.  I suggest going early in the morning or closer to evening.  Gettysburg is supposed to be the most haunted place on earth.  . . There are places all around the "main" section of the battle field that are very cool, especially if you don't mind walking a ways.. . There is one really cool store down near the center of town.  I can't remember the name of it, but there is a section that V's off & the store sits right at the point of it.. . OMG, how could I forget.  Boyd's Bear Country!!First and foremost, One must visit and pay tribute to the thousands of men who died in the endeavor to better this country. The national battlefield emcompasses the town and virtually every spot has been stained with the blood of freedom. A point of interest should be the National Cemetary, where Abe Lincoln gave the infamous Gettysburg Address in 1863. You can actually stand right where he stood, quite sacred ground! If your not really a history buff, the town if famous for its host of the supernatural kind. There are many ''ghost tours'' available. There is also a huge barn type store where the Boyds Bears are made. It is quite a pleasant town with many opportunities!
Mickey ~ Glad to see ya.. The source link provided is for posterity.  Punch in your time zone and it'll tell you Paris!. Good luck big guy.If it's 12pm in NY, it's 6pm in ParisPLUS 6 hours ahead of NY.
Yeah. Earl Grey is bad enough without milk. With milk in, it must be vile. But hey, if you like it, carry on.Go with your own likes and dislikes m8 - works best.Actually no it isn't strange it gives it more flavor and different colouring not to mention more vitamin DNo. It is simply a matter of preference.  I use cream & sugar in tea and especially coffee!no its okI think its weird to even drink Earl Grey , It.Tastes just like the inner ear sweat of an African wilder beast on a scorching afternoon in obo-buto, To add milk would only enhance this foul brew.If you did this from the top board in Swiss Cottage swimming pool I would say you were strangeA little, but if that's how you like it then drink it with milk. . I have a family friend who has milk in her rose hip tea. That's a weird mixture.It's spelled Earl Grey, and can be drunk with, or without milk. I would have thought if you had the audacity to drink it, you would have had the foresight to be able to spell it.Earl Grey. . Flavour: This is a light tea, pale gold in colour with the delicate flavour of bergamot.. . Occasion: Enjoy refreshing Earl Grey at any time of the day.. . Brewing Instructions: Brew for 3-5 minutes. Drink black or with a little milk, or with a slice of lemon.. . Country of Origin: China. . Did you know? Earl Grey is named after Charles, the 2nd Earl Grey, who was given a special blend of tea by a Chinese Mandarin. As this began to run out, the Earl asked Richard Twining to match it for him. From then on the blend became known as "Earl Grey’s" tea.You're meant to put milk in it.  Well I've never heard any different.  Do you have cup and saucer ready, and a little biscuit?not really. Every1 has their own preferenceno, its not strange, it also tastes good.. but its better if its served cold.. try it ;-)Not at all!  Go ahead and enjoy it.No, your'e not weird at all.  My grandmother but whole milk in her Earl Gray tea, and for health reasons, she still kicking at 75 years old, she has a cup of it everyday.Hell no!I'm british and I do it all the time!Tastes great!Earl gray is so delicious!
Indonesia- red and white fields, nothing else.. Monaco-- not sure, but has got to be more complicated than thatthe size and dimension.. indonesia has 2:3 proportion while monaco has 4:5The national flag of Monaco has two equal horizontal bands of red (top) and white; it is similar to the flag of Indonesia, which is longer.. . The story behind the Indonesian flag is that it was originally the Dutch flag, but the freedom fighters ripped off the blue at the period of uprising against Dutch colonialism (August 1945). The act of ripping the flag, was the birth of the Indonesian flag.The Indonesian flag's dimensions are 2:3.  Monaco's flag's dimensions are 4:5 (more squarer)I can see why you asked now, but see for yourself.they are the same in color and design altlough i think one might be a bit wider or broader in the band or a slight difference in the shade of red not sure
It derives from the family name of Hilton, Conrad Hilton is the one that begain this dynasty, I believe.Conrad Hilton started building hotels back in the 1920s.  Some of his heirs are extremely wealthy and famous, such as his grandaughters, Nicky and Paris.Dear old Konrad Hilton started his hotel chain! He's Paris Hilton's grandfather...or something like that!It's named after the person who started it.  What's her names grandfatheryes hilton was a person ,he started the hotel and named it after himselfEver heard of Paris Hilton?  Her family's chain of hotels are called the Hilton hotels (after their last name).It is named after the HILTON family............as in Paris Hilton.The owners last name is Hilton... Paris Hilton is a part of the family as well.From the owner's surname. Ever heard of Paris Hilton?
As the ticket includes Food and as the train is super super fast the fare is expensive.U would have known this if u would have ever travelled by this train.. 1. It is air conditioned.. 2. It offers different  varieties of food during your journey.. U have to pay extra for these!Shatabdi Express: Super-fast trains connecting major and secondary city centres. Visitors can travel chair-car or executive class. Snacks and meals are provided. . . since travel time is much lesser than other trains, stoppages are fewer & snacks or meals are served, that is the reason why they are more expensive than the other trains................. better service ................. everything cannot be given on cast system ...................Shatabdi is the state version of rajdhani, i.e. connecting to the state capital.. The standard of service and food is better than the normal trains, also with fewer stops, the speed is better than other trains. so the primium price!
mmm,a sit sorry i can't actuallly find a specific site that collects all these info,u can look it up at google write for instance: egypt alexandria language international school. and dun worry alex is one of the best places in egypt and very very very safe u can leave ur kids walk home alone.about shopping malls there's carrefour and san stefano which are the best.I have my cousins live ove there so if u need any further info just email me and I'll make u full guide info about everything but u have to specify for me.Just when you get there u'll get familiar with everything..just settle down and talk ur family for a walk and ask for everything around u from supermarkets to hospitals to clubs to pharamcies & skools.wish u lucki know a lot about alex. i live there since the past 7 years.. i can give you more useful info if know from where are you moving? coming to work? if yes, where's your work will be?What kind of information??? Moving there.??? I know a lot about Alexandria - my husband is from Alexandria.  I have been there a few times!!!
Nice, take a sweater and a rain coat with a zipper liningIt varies somewhat. You'll be able to get by with a sweater on most days, but you might want to also pack light jackets in case things turn nipply.It's a little cool at that time a year.  Warm during the day & cool at night.  Savannah is on the cost, so bring a jacket. I wouldn't wear shorts & flips flops...although you never know, one day it's scorching the next it's cold!
I would go to a travel website. I heard that you can apply while you are there there is a 3 day visa if you plan to go over by three days and a 30 day visa.You can get that most ports in Indonesia like Bali, Jakarta and Medan etc. I think it cost 25 dollars to get a 30 day visa. or you can apply for a visa in a Indonesian consulate or go to DC and go to their Indonesian Embassy.You can apply at the embassy or at your port of arrival.yahoo search indonesean embassy then down load forms there.
being British is a person. the UK is a land areaThe official name of the country is the "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland", so being British is in fact different from being Irish. However, all citizens of the UK, including Irish people of N. Ireland are called British, which not true, but is widely used.The people in the UK are British.  We are all from the British Isles.  The main island is Great Britain.  Then there is Ireland.  Northern Ireland is part of the UK and the south is independent.  So, we have the United Kingdom (UK)of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (although all the smaller islands in the British Isles are included as well).british is a person..uk is where u find many brits lolThis is a passport football question If I want a passport I come fromm the United Kingdon when I travel to Europe I am British But when it comes to football COME ON ENGLANDThe difference that British and UK that UK mean Weles and scottland and Ireland.There is no difference apart from being British relates to a person and the UK relates to the geography.. If you are English, Welsh, Scottish or Irish, you are all British and are part of the UK.The UK comprises England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.  Great Britain comprises England Wales and Scotland only... thats why if you look on a UK passport it says the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.  So strictly speaking, being British means you are a UK citizen but being a UK citizen does not necessarily mean you are British if you were born in NI. (Sorry to the guys in NI but that's the way it is.)  PS - no offence to anyone 'over the water' I have some great mates in NI.Great Britain (i.e. British) includes England, Scotland and Wales.  The United Kingdom is made up of England, Scotland, Wales AND Northern Ireland.  So they are slightly different.  If you were born and bred in Northern Ireland you could not claim to be british, but you could claim to be from the United Kingdom.I completley disagree with your answer HMMMMM. . The United Kingdom is made up of Four main countries, (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland)but also includes some overseas countries and Islands including Gibraltar and the Falkland Islands. The Channel Islands and the Isle of Man are also part of the U.K.. Although the term "Great Britain" relates to only England, Scotland and Wales, if you live in Northern Ireland, you are not (as previously suggested) classed as a "UK Citizen" but have the choice of being either an Irish citizen or a British Citizen. My passport status as British Citizen proves this. . You can actually hold two different passports for both nationalities if you want to.. The term "UK of Great Britain and Northern Ireland" is also correct.
it's a language. out of the Baltic region (check the map of Europe)It is the language of LITHUNANIAThe term Lithuanian can mean:. . Lithuanians, the people of Lithuania . Lithuanian language. . Lithuanian Jews as often called "Lithuanians" (Lita'im or Litvaks) by other Jews.A person from Lithuania: http://neris.mii.lt/homepage/liet1-1.htmlsomebody from LithuaniaLithuanian is a language spoken by Lithuanians in Lithuania.. . Lithuania is a country in Europe.
Stowmarket in Suffolk...used to live nr. there a long time ago.. . If you can drive you might be able to hire a car which could be left at the airport or try National Express.London News:. http://www.enewsreference.com/news/ukinglo.htmtry get the tube as it is quite cheap after 10 amI suggest the best route would be to take the London Bus Network. It cheaper than the London Underground and much better connected.
The Sam Hoosier is right his team worked on the Indiana side of the bridge. The hoosier Dome was named after the peaple of Indiana. Later they sold out to RCA.people in the frontier days would say who's here when people came calling, and it got shortened to hoosier. that's what i read.When I was younger we learned of the story about people always yelling "Who's here" when someone pounded on their door.  But another silly one that I was told was something about way back in the day people would go to saloons and there was a fight and a guy got his ear cut off.  The bartender stopped the fight and everyone ran off.  The bartender wanted to know who the people were that were fighting so he found the ear laying on the floor and went around the town yelling "Who's ear???"  Sounds silly, I know but it is amusing when you are little.maybe it came from the "HOOSIER DOME" & that is where the name came from, ever since then everyone here n INDIANAPOLIS has been known as a HOOSIER.no none of those are correct.  the word HOOSIER comes the man Sam Hoosier.  People from the north came down to help rebuild the south across the Ohio river and they came with Sam Hoosier.  Where everyone started calling the men Hoosiers men...HOOSIERS.  Those answers are making Hoosiers look real stupid!!!  Hoosier dome??  Its the RCA dome and its only been there for 22 or 23 years.
There is no passenger tarin service on AMtrak to LAs Vegas.  The closest stop is in Barstow, Calif.  You could take the train from Sacramento to LA and Then take another to Barstow and then take the Amtrak connector bus service to Vegas.  It may be cheaper and is definately faster to fly direct.Don't plan on going to Vegas that way--Amtrak doesn't go there, nor does any other passenger railroad for that matter.travelocity.comASK THE FAIRIES THERE PROBOBALY THE ONLY ONES THAT HAVE DONE THE TRIP THAT WAY
North or South Atlantic, one will be winter the other summer, if the central atlantic then it will be hot any part of the yearit depends on where you want to cross it but i'd suggest warm clothing! windstopper and stuffI crossed from England to New York last June and it was still more than a bit chilly.  It was the wind that was cold, very icey.
If you're coming from Brooklyn, take the exit for the West Shore (I believe it's exit 5) - it will be a 2 lane exit with large signs overhead that say Outerbridge Crossing.  Follw that road south until you get to the end.  You'll follow a 2-lane exit to the right which will lead you to the Outerbridge Crossing.  There is no toll going in this direction.You take the West Shore Expressway south. It leads right to The OBC.Follow the signs for Highway 440 South and the Bridge is at exit 2, you cant miss it.
Listed on UNESCO's World Heritage List in 1994, Kinkaku-ji (Temple of the Golden Pavilion) is the popular name of Rokuon-ji (Deer Park Temple), a temple dedicated to the Buddhist Goddess of Mercy, Kannon. The land was first a mountain getaway for Saionji Kitsune (1171-1244) and included both a temple and a villa. The estate withered away and became the property of Ashikaga Yoshimitsu (1358-1408), the third shogun of the Ashikaga Shogunate, who built Kitayamaden as a retirement estate in 1398. After his death in 1419, the grounds were turned into a Buddhist temple for the Rinzai sect and Muso Kokushi was appointed abbot as per Yoshimitsu's will. The name Rokuon comes from Yoshimitsu's Buddhist name. . . During Yoshimitsu's life the grounds held several buildings including a replica of the imperial palace's Shishin-den Hall, complete with throne. After the Kitayamaden was changed into a temple the other buildings were eventually removed. The riches of the former shogun were no longer needed for the running of a temple. The only building to remain standing, of the original estate, was Kinkaku. However, the garden has remained the same for hundreds of years, allowing people for centuries to enjoy the same site as the shogun. . . As you enter the temple grounds the Hondo (Main Hall) and Kuri (Priests' Quarters) are on the right. The camellia bush in the garden located in front of the Kuri was planted by Emperor Go-Mizuno-o. Continuing your walk down a tree-lined path you will see the Chu-mon (Middle Gate). To the right is a large boat-shaped stone and to the left is the Shoro (Bell Tower). At the end of the path is a Kara-mon (Chinese Gate), and as you walk through the gate the Kyouko-chi (Mirror Pond) becomes visable - and with it the beautiful Golden Pavilion and its reflection in the water. . . The pavilion and the pond on which it stands were designed to resemble the image of the Seven Treasure Pond in scenes of the Buddhist Paradise. The pond is even filled with the lotus plants, symbolizing the flower of truth rising from the mud of this mundane world. Also placed in the pond are several stones and islands, representing the eight oceans and nine mountains of the Buddhist creation story. . . This brings us to the main attraction. In the autumn with the flaming red and orange leaves the pavilion's warm glow compliments the crisp atmosphere. In the winter the startling contrast against the pure white of the snow is breathtaking. The Golden Pavillion has three floors and stands 12.8 meters (42 feet) high, 10.0 meters (33 feet) wide, and 15.2 meters (40 feet) long. Each floor is designed in a different style yet the three harmonize well and create a spectacular architectural effect. Yoshimitsu was fascinated by Chinese culture and art and is credited with reopening trade between the two countries. His interest can be seen in the architecture of his pavilion. . . The first floor, called the Hosui-in (Chamber of Dharma Waters), is in the shinden-zukuri style developed in the Heian period. This early style of palace buildings contains a large room and a veranda. This floor was used as a reception hall for welcoming guests in the days of Yoshimitsu. . . The second floor was built in the style of samurai houses, bukezukuri style, and is called the Cho-on-do (Hall of Roaring Waves). This is where Yoshimitsu held his private meetings with honored guests. This floor is decorated with paintings by Kano Masanobu (1434-1530) and holds an image of the Bodhisattva Kannon with Shitenno images on both sides. . . The final floor, known as the Kukyocho (Firmament Top), is only a few square meters (about 23 square feet) and was used for intimate meetings with friends and tea ceremonies. Inspired by the architecture of the Sung Chinese style there are bell-shaped windows and three Amida images. On the roof of the pavilion is just over a meter (3.7 feet) tall bronze statue of a phoenix that is also leafed in gold. . . YoshBecause it is Gold. It really is beautiful.It is an old temple once burned down by one of the monks living there. Its beauty is astonishing, the way it is decorated with gold, that is why it is called kinkakuji, kin meaning gold. It is on the list of UNESCO's cultural heritage,too.Yes it IS beautiful! Especially since they re-coated it about 3 and a half years ago..! Lovely and shiny in the sun..!!. . And the way it reflects in the lake (or big pond, whatever it is,) is very nice for photos!!
It's my understanding that any city whether it be American, Mexican or Canadian that is within the proximity of any border, will carry all types of currency depending on the neighbor...ex: Tijuana carries both american and mexican currency.  Also an example would be the Canadian border such as Toronto or Vancouver or Victoria, all of these cities carry Canadian and American currency.  Hope this info helped...if that would be right...why san diego does'nt uses pesos also?...peso isnt worth as much as tj being so close to usa iss better,and most borders around everycountry uses the othersThey want more gringos down there to spend money!!
Hovercraft?Hi - can't find that town in Austria. Can you say where its near please?Well, first you take the DB from T?bingen to Stuttgart.  There are several daily nonstop trains that travel this route.  After that, there is one daily nonstop train to take you from Stuttgart to Dornbirn, which has a bus to take you directly to Au Schoppernau.  That train leaves Stuttgart at 12:57 every day.
You have to go to the so-called Standesamt there. They can give you a German and an international version. I#m not sure anymore but I think it was like €15 each.go to a place in erfurt thats called rathaus and ask for your birth certificate ( in german its geburtsurkunde) just bring your id or/and your passport. if you cant find it then try a place called standesamt. wish you luck!!!Try contacting the StandesamtYou can go to the Standesamt Erfurt directly or you also can print out your the order form oneline under: htpp:wwwerfurt.de. then fill it out and mail it there.the  city  should  have  a  website:  www.erfurt.de  (I  guess). . find  the  city  offices  and  write  an  email or  call.. I  had  similar  questions to  other  cities  and  always  received  answers,  of  cours  it  helps  IF  you  can  write  German!
Actually, if I am not mistaken, Spain does come second to France ln annual number of tourists... One of the main reasons Spain is in the top two is because of the great climate, coastal areas and fantastic beaches. Tourists love to spend their time lolling on the beach drenched in sunlight!. . This is followed by the simple beauty of the country, the variety of places worth visiting, with multitude of magnificent historical sites...these span all periods of world history...going from prehistoric such as the Altamira Caves in Santander to the ultramodern titanium plate structure of the Guggenheim museum in Bilbao, which has only been open a few years. There are so many magnificent cities to visit that it would take you years to cover all of them... . The main cities, to start with, would be Madrid, the country's capital, then Barcelona, capital of the region of Catalonia. . After that take your pick...Santiago de Compostela in northern Galicia, Oviedo in Asturias, Burgos and Leon for their magnificent cathedrals, Salamanca, one of the first university towns in the world,  Avila with its medieval walls, Tarragona, Castell?n, Valencia and Alicante on the eastern coast.... .And all the main cities in Andaluc?a, such as Seville, Granada, C?diz, C?rdoba, M?laga (where I live), Jaen, Almer?a and Huelva. And these are just the larger cities... There are all the smaller towns also worth visiting... Toledo, Aranjuez, Segovia, Jerez de la Frontera, M?rida,  etc. I could go on for hours..and this answer would be almost too long to read! . In resum?...Why do people come to Spain? Spain is a very welcoming  and beautiful country! come to visit and you will see for yourself! . Bienvenido!where did u hear that? just wondering ...I believe that is so true.  If you are near the Sea it is beautiful.  The people there understand that there business is tourism. The sites are full of culture.  You can go there to party or take your family to see site and churches you pick.....Spain has beautiful beaches, and the Med. Sea isn't too cold to swim in in summer. To reason I went back to Spain was also that it was  cheaper than going to France or Italy.Spain just has so much diversity to offer tourists. There is alot of culture and wonderful architecture in places like Granada, Seville, Toledo and Cadiz to name just a few. Madrid has some excellent museums and art galleries as does Malaga.. Then of course there is the Cost del Sol which attracts thousands of tourists every year because of the wonderful weather, great beaches, night life and restaurants. A lot of work has been done on the infrastructure to make holidaying here easy and affordable and some great new atractions have been opened in recent years so there is plenty to do apart from lying on the beach.. If you want some more info. on places to go and things to do on the Costa and why it is one of Europe's premier holiday dedstinations then have a look at this page on my web site:-. http://www.costadelsol-vacationrentals.com/the-costa-del-sol.html
Why isn't Romania or Honduras?  Think how big the list would be if they included every country in the world on the list? They just settled for the big countries of the brainy countries ;-)good question, will look forwrd to your answers, we should not be left out.It comes under "UK and Ireland".I noticed that-I think they have it as part of the UK one. get with the times yahoo people! there's loads of proud Irish people on here :D
If you are from the U.S.A., then here's what you need to know:. . U.S. passport holders will be allowed to enter Taiwan without a visa for up to thirty days (no extensions allowed) if their passport is valid for at least six months from the date of entry into Taiwan and the traveler has a confirmed return or onward air ticket.  This is the visa waver program. Travelers must have already met any additional visa requirements for the next destination, if applicable. . . If the passport is valid for less than six months from the date of entry into Taiwan, travelers may apply for a landing visa that has a duration of stay of no more than thirty days.  The processing fee is US $124.00 and no extensions are allowed.  Travelers also have the additional option of applying for and receiving a Taiwan visa prior to arrival in Taiwan.  The processing fee is US$100.00. . . Please note: No extension of stay or change of status is allowed if the traveler enters on the visa waiver program (30 day stay, no extensions).  Travelers arriving in Taiwan with a valid passport and valid Taiwan visas may be admitted for up to 90 days even if their passports are valid for less than 6 months.  Travelers who apply for a landing visa upon arrival will be admitted for 30 days or up to the day the passport expires, which ever comes first.  For specific information about entry requirements, travelers may contact the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO), 4201 Wisconsin Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20016-2137, via either its main telephone number, (202) 895-1800, or its visa section telephone number, (202) 895-1814.  The main fax number at TECRO is (202) 363-0999, and the visa section fax number is (202) 895-0017.  Internet address: http://www.tecro.org.  TECO (Taipei Economic and Cultural Office) also has offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Guam, Honolulu, Houston, Kansas City, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, San Francisco and Seattle.You can ask Taiwan Economic and Development Board representative office in your country about the requirements. Passport, photograph (passport size), the application form, return ticket with the date stated (or confirmation ticket) are needed.. . If you submit today morning, you can get it back tomorrow afternoon. Ask for clarify.It depends where you are from! Most countries don't need a visa for a stay of fewer than 30 days. Check the Taiwan government website:. www.gio.gov.tw
Pretty bad, that was one of the worst hit areas.  The Industrial Canal levee on the Lower 9th side broke and a huge barge floated into the streets...a lot of houses there simply floated off their foundations.   I live in the 6th Ward, and we're doing okay now.Check out my blog, I have some pics. from their on it. Mistkie.blogspot.com
If you can't get it online call the 1-800 reservations number.  Tell them your name, day you are flying, where you are flying to/from, flight number.  The more if this info you have, the easier it is for them to find you in the system.  If they give you a confirmation number WRITE IT DOWN!With Southwest, you'll have to give your name, city/date/time of departure, and identifying information.For most airlines, you can go on their website and put in your name and it should be able to be pulled up.  Usually they will send you a confirmation to your email address so look for that.  Some sites might even give you a reminder call 24 hours before your flight to update you on the gate and time of your flight (Obitz & Travelocity).  . . If you are at the airport all you need is either your ID or the credit card you placed the airline ticket on.. . If those steps don't help you can always call the airline reservations directly to talk to the custmer service reps.  Southwest has pretty good customer service.
look i totally agree with u that this is so shallow, but u'll find this everywhere in egypt, maybe outside too, so we cant neglect this fact and insist on wearing what we want in interviews.. sometimes you have to do what it takes to reach what u want, and if this job is very important to u , u have to accept their rules, however, u shouldnt go to the next interview, not because of their rules, but because of the attitude, u're not a kid at school, she cant treat u less than anybody even if ur wearing slippers, if she is professional she is supposed to treat everybody alike then decide later who to accept.. it seems like she got on ur nerves and (saddet nefsak mel akher) bas bardo u should be prepared to face stuff like that in other places.. this was only about ur appearance, wait till u see what will happen after ur hired, almost 90% of companies here will require u to kiss as** which is so degrading than just commenting on ur clothes.. and once u do something against ur principles, u'll always be like that.. i worked in many places and what i found is that nobody is qualified enough to be a good manager, and in my opinion this is why they concentrate on appearance and shallow stuff, da tab3an gheir el e7das, when a person becomes a manager specially by kosa they like to show off commenting on anything other than ur actual work (cause they dont understand work as should be). dont let this affect u or offend u in anyway, its obvious that u have enough experience to find a better place, a place where they concentrate on hiring professionals not airheaded hunks.. and take it from this side, God did that for a purpose, maybe something bad would've happened to u if u were accepted and welcomed now.. i wish u the best of luck no-body, homma el khasraneen;)this is sooooooooo true. . for example, people here in egypt differentiate between a girl wearing the viel and another who is not wearing it, they think that since a girl is wearing a viel, then she is definitely better and more religious than the the girl not wearing it. . i am not against the viel ofcourse, the point is that, it is totally taken by the appearnce and thats it, anyone growing a beard is consedired to be religioug and good and helpful and so, but the fact that i have seen is that, people tend to use these appearences to fool other peolpe to get to what they want.... . but regarding your specific incident of the interview, i think they thought that u r not caring for the job and don't respect the inrerview itself... they will be thinking (He did not even wear a suit, he does not want the job, he didn't respect it..bla bla bla). . Wearing a suit is what they expected, so by not dressing that away, they will get offended... i will suggest that u take care of this point the next interviews since this is how it goes hereMa3lesh. Fi nas keda bet7eb tetmanzar wete3mel fiha enaha fahma kol 7aga. Momken tekoon elenterview di keda soora bas weykoono 3arfeen meen haya7'od elsho3'lana di (ebn elmodeer masalan wey2olo eno nege7 felenterview wenohom makanoosh ye3rafo eno ebno). If u want my opinion dont buy anything special for them. Just go whith what do u think it is proper to wear and good luck.. 3al3omoum mesh da elly ana 3ayez a2olhoolak bas 3ayez arod 3alek belnesba lelso2al beta3 mona elshazly ana kan asdy enaha (bettahtah) keteer bas besara7a betetkalem femawadee3 garee2a wemohema. Ama belnesba lelenta oltoholy fana bas 3ayez awada7lak en ana ba7eb masr gedan bas elmoshkela en ana shayef en fi mashakel keteeeeeer gedan fiha ba7awel a7elaha bas lelasaf mesh 3aref.yes a lot of people care about how they going to drees and how they're going to look... but that's not me at all Imostly care about my education and what's ..You may have it all wrong.  Some interviews are held to come up with a stable of contenders, basically, people who couldn't get the job if they had a Brooks Brothers suit on.  In other words, the company has already selected someone for the job and they are just going through interviews as a formality.  Happens all the time.yes, this is frustrating. I agree with you 100%. . We pay more attention to appearances is true too, and i expect you have it all figured out why.. But don't get down too much because of this, there are still many places who really seek what is in your mind, including your interview job, but your luck brought you to meet this mean lady and this discouraging situation. . If you really need this job, and find it a job that you like to do and can do it efficiently, then i suggest you go next interview either wearing a suit (i guess that, eventually, you can manage to appear in one) or wearing your normal outfit and say to them whatever you want to say about this issue and clear your conscience.
world's most populous country. world's top rated skyline (hong kong). world's largest concetration of building cranes (shanghai). world's biggest manufacturer of apple juice. home to the newest disney amusement park (honk kong)it's the country with the largest apple growth/production.. . in beijing, they have requirements on dogs: you can only raise one dog with a liscense and the dog can't be big. . it once had (or still does) a one-baby-per-family regulation. . majority of the milk their is powdered milk. . the size of their soda cans is slimmer but taller compared to the United States'. . it's one the first civilizations in the world. . their bottled fruit juice rarely (or barely) tastes like the fruit it says it is.Probably the most interesting fact about China that I can think of is that they have many things that the first civilizations could of come from there. Chinese women were once required to have their feet bound in a curling pattern at birth to make them look beautiful to men, this was also a tool to prevent them from running (as is the Kimono, a dress that tightly binds the womans legs together so they can only take small steps). China is perhaps the only country with a set of laws for the main land and a different set of international laws for land owned
Yes it's to allow light in from outside if the internal lights fail.cordial is talking bullshit.. . Letting in the ambient lighting outside will allow your eyes to adjust just incase of an emergencySorry I don't have a definite answer but I am curious to see if someone else does.  I always assumed that they made us do that on landing so the flight attendants would have less work neatening up the plane for the next flight.. . (yikes, I just read the other answers and I was wayoiff.  Guess I won't take it so lightly next time they ask me to raise the shutter)It's also so you can see outside the window if there is a crash. There might be fire or debris blocking one of the exits and you need to be able to see this before you try to get out through that exit. Plus if it is much lighter or darker outside than in the plane, your eyes need to adjust before you can see where you are going, and even though it only takes a couple of seconds, you might not have much time.  Having your eyes already used to the outside lighting will make getting out in an emergency a little bit faster and in an emergency, even a couple of seconds makes a big difference.This should be specific to your country. In Europe there is no such thing.i flew on us airways and there was nothing like that at all, the only requirement we had was to be seated at certain times and have a seat belt fastened at certain times.  i watched outside as we took off and landed and the kids loved it, it was really interesting.  we even flew passed a lightning storm with the shades up, it was really awesome...we saw the clouds actually hit together and it made the whole sky light up.  I'm sure we were miles from the storm, but it looked like we could reach out and touch it.Most crashes occur at that time.  If the are shades are up, it's easier to see if the lights fail.  Also, a fly-by jet can see in and make sure everyone is OK if there is a hijack warning.  If the shades are closed when they are supposed to be up, you can assume there is trouble inside.
Nader seems to be from Egypt and he wants to send free text messages to his friends' cellular phones.. What he wants to know is the name of some sites which offer this service.. My advice to you is wait. There are very good people here who would actually help you out.They would tell you the URL of the site and how to use it.. I used to do that in the old days Nader, I am too lazy to search for the site now, . But I helped you by explaining to the others what you meant in your question.. You should give me 5 points for half-best answerI do send text messages to a friends mobile phone in Egypt. all you put in front of number is +20. This works from mobile phone to mobile phone.country code-mobile code then mobile number. +2 - 010 or 012 - xxxxxxx . 010 for vodafone. 012 for mobenile002 then number of the mobileHi Nader. Will u please tell us more about what exactly do u mean by sending a message to a mobile phone in egypt? I mean r u living in egypt and u dont know what to do or u r living abroad and want to know how to send one to a mobile in egypt? U can send me a reply to my questions in an email or an imTheres a guy named ted, he works on fifth and 7 th street, find him, the code word is i have small feet, and one stinks, then he will point you in the dirrection you need to go, it will cost you, but well worth the cash, but what ever you do, dont tell him he looks like E.T he hates that and will kill you. Good luck to you sir.Unless it's got one hell of a vibrate facility you can'tBy CamelYou kinda cant "send" massages, as they are literaly hands-on, and it wouldnt quite work sending a back massage to a mobile phone. . . duh.You get a phone that sends text messages in heiroglyphics.ahmed rafik is correct. i have sent a text message to a personal friend of mine, who lives in egypt. i've sent the message to his mobile phone.. if you live in the USA and your trying to send to Egypt, the code to call out of the USA to egypt is:. 011 2  012 xxxxxxxx or  . 011 2  010 xxxxxxxx. . 011 is the code to dial out of the USA.. 2 is the Egypt code.I want to send them to Mexico!I don't think you can. Are they on vacation and bought their phone in the US (or whereever you're from)? That's a good question.i advise you to change this company
Luton to Kings Cross via ThamesLink or St Pancras.  Then tube train to Victoria.  Victoria to Maidstone East.  Taxi from the station to Vinters Park, Alternative Thameslink to London Bridge and pick up train to Maidstone East, but trains are not so frequent.Go to www.traveline.org.uk. This will give you precise directions from any point to any other point in Britain using public transport. The most direct route will involve a train to London then another train out the other side. Direct trains go from Victoria station to Maidstone East or less frequently from London Bridge. Consider the direct   Green Line coach service from Luton that will drop you at Victoria. There certainly are local buses to Vinters Park from central Maidstone.Once you get to Maidstone East take a bus or use the taxis outside the station - its not far but if you don't know where you're going it'll be too far to walk!. . I am assuming that you don't mean Luton near Chatham. If you do, catch a bus from the Pentagon directly there or get a train to Maidstone and bus.
GCC residents are entilted to a on-arrival visa if he/se is from one of the countries that are permitted for an airport on-arrival visa, or from other countries having the profession of businessman, company, managers, their representateves, accountants, auditors, doctors and engineers.. . Everybody else should obtain a visa through a sponser (national or resident) or tour operators (hotel, airline).. . if you fall in the a.m. category, you don't have to apply for a visa.You will get the entry visa upon arrival at Dubai airport. It depends your present category mentioned in your Kuwait Residence permit. For professionals, like doctors, engineers, accountants, computer related categories and sales executives, does not a matter. . . Good luck and happy journey.As you are working in Kuwait so no need of visa for Dubai. you just purchase ticket for Dubai and you will get visa on arrival at Dubai airport, as you are a residence of a member of GCC country.
Simply airlines are aware that the type of customer baying one way can afford it (business people)The only answer I can think of is because airline companies are greedy like most other travel companies.  This isn´t a phenomenon limited to airlines it happens on buses, train and boats.Good reasons presented. A totally different point of view is the economics of it. Marginal costs diminishes. You have already paid the one time fees of fuel charge for both ways and a bunch of other fees. Therefore, you are only paying for that extra flight back without most of the added fees. In today's world, airlines are operating under razor thin profit margins.Many things can affect their daily operations from strikes to weather. This is their way of making as much money as possible.Apart from the empty planes law, the airline tries to motivate you to use their airline instead of someone else. If you used another airline, you might like their services more than theirs & they will stand the risk of losing you as a customer in the future. It could also be considered as an insentive or bonusWell, dont say you'll not show up in your return flight since most airlines, like PAL charges PAX for a NO SHOW SURCHARGE if you are already hooked up on that flight. and by the way, the reason most probably why the long distance airfares are expensive is because you pay certain percent of  INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL  TAX, LOCAL TRAVEL TAX, FUEL SURECHARGE, INSURANCE SURCHARGE, AIRFARE and other miscellaneous fees like terminal fee for the facility use of the aircraft that will be given to the government for maintenance (for example, the NAIA terminal II and the BCD airport hee in the Phils.)i don't know I can never understand it either, I work on ships so often I join the ship in one location and come back from another, always totally bemused me this one, good question hopefully someone can provide a good answer. . I have done that before bought a return and just not showed up for the flight in theory if you have some sort of good excuse you should be able to get a refund
Travelosity.com........got a credit card?  If so, go and have fun.flyArrrr u need to spell Singapore properly,or else there will be some problems.Dude to go to Singapore you need to buy a ticket for a aeroplane or ship.aPPLY ONLINE TO COMPANIES IN SINGAPORE.. . uSE wEB jOB seARCH eNGINES TO FIND JOBS THERE ..No Problem.. . Have you working in IT Company?. . First put to Good Performace in your role. . Otherwise search naukri, jobstreet.sg  jobdb.com  ....etc.. . ALL THE BEST. . Sure You will goto Singapore!!. . Regards. Ramasamy.GDepends on where you are from.  You can take an aeroplane, a ship or drive into Singapore.  Taxis are affordable in Singapore - just tell the taxi driver what you want, and he can act as a tourist guide as well.
Not a dumb question, you have a point, and spring forward fall back doesn't answer everything...over here in Europe, we turn our clocks a week before you.  so that gives us a 7 hour difference from say New York.  But only until this Sunday, then we go back to the 6 hour.  (oh and we are ahead of you too...so if it is noon over there, it is usually 6 pm over here, unless of course, its during that one week of daylight savings)we turned the clock back last sunday. so we're now in the winter timeSix hours ahead of US East Coast time.. . Clocks got turned back on Sunday.  Haven't you heard that "spring forward -- fall back" mnemonic phrase?
Hawaii has excellent athletes thanks to favorable all-weather climate.  Most of their schools play in small, packed gyms.  Plus, the scenery is likely distracting even to the most disciplined teams.  UVA, a #1 ranked team, lost to a Hawaiian school in 1983.This should be in sports, not travel.
Manhattan.The great island of Manhattan. About midway through the island if you look on a map, below central park. and a bit above times square.Manhattan, NY. . But in an address it would be NY, NYManhattanManhattan, right at the red star:. http://maps.yahoo.com/maps_result?addr=east+45th+st+and+madison+avenue&csz=New+York%2C+NY&country=us&new=1&name=&qty=manhattanIt is in the borough of Manhattan.. . It might help to use East 45 Street instead of just 45th.
As of today, New York is 16 degrees Celsius and 61 degrees Farenheit. It's also cloudy, rainy, and windy. By November seventeenth it'll be worse so bring jackets, jeans, raincoats, and sweatshirts. You might need to dress up for trips to restaurants and theaters. Black or dark blue two piece suits are best. Otherwise go informal. Just look good to yourself.Weather tends to get really cold in December.  Just takes some jumpers and a warm coat. No need to dress up in New York.  Been to some top resturants with people sat next to me in jeans and T shirt.  Wear whatever youre comfortable in.  Just take some good shoes and walk everwhere. So much going on to see.  Have a great time, I always do.no problem mate, wear shorts, short sleeve shirts,sandals and such. for smart clothes just bring a light weight suit, you'll be fine.cheers mate.The wind blows right through you, it's no place for the old!It can be mild, or that ice wind from the rivers will cut you down, it can be damn cold in NOV in NYC, when the sun goes down, that's when it really gets cold, you will need a sport coat and tie, travel light, Blue blazer, Grey pants, will work fine (Tie too). Bring comfortable shoes for walking, put your wallet in you front pants pocket, NOT the "sucker" pocket in the back. If someone (stranger) asks you a question, answer it while still walking, I wear mirrored shades (sunglasses), this way I can  "eye-spy" any problems with out tipping anyone off, stay sharp, stay with people, if you go into a neighborhood that doesn't feel right, go back, stay away from 8Th and 11Th avenues, have fun !very coldAaron is correct. It shouldn't be too different from home.in the 60's
Very sunny, it has been raining a little, but nothing disturbing. PLus it's less hot than usual!!mildSunny and bright. Few showers on some days.  Temp is mostly in the 80's.The climate is good all year round in Saint-Martin.. . Have fun there !Hot, Hot, and did I say Hot? . . Beautiful weather, nice beaches, nice people, great Island!!. . I would LOVE to go back there!!
Hi!. . I'm Scandinavian, so let me help you.. . First of all Scandinavia includes Norway, Sweden and Denmark. NOT Finland or Iceland!. . The first thing we have in common is the language. We all speak different languages, but we still understand each other.. We also share the same customs, culture and traditions.. . Remember that Norway was once a part of Denmark then Denmark gave it to Sweden, but Norway has been an independent country since 1814.. . We all have ancestors that were vikings.. We all enjoy beer.. We have a lot of blonds with blue eyes.. We are all very rich countries.. We some of the best chefs and restaurants in the world.. We all have a king or a queen.. We all have a cross in our flags.. . It is the language that brings us together and the act that our royal families are so tight. Also, we have Swedish and danish TV stations in Norway and the other way around, so we keep us connectedHi,,, they are cold in the winter,,,  lots of blonde hair and blue eyes ,and tall people,, from Viking stock.... and they eat a lot of fish,,,, and i cant say for the boys,,but the girls are really pretty... . .  good luck. .  Sophia Johanson where are you??????Similar languages (no, that does not include Finland), shared history (there's been unions and wars and conquering), similar culture, similar climate (well, there is obviously a big difference in climate between the north of Norway and the south of Denmark, but it's at least the same seasons. But not really at the same time) The collaboration and shared politics (especially foreign policies i.e. towards other European countries/ other countries, customs policies), films and media collaborations, voting for each other in the Eurovision song contest. etc etc. . . for a more serious answer: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scandinavia. . norsk: I thought you had your independancy in 1905?! How can you be a good Norwegian without knowing that?!  ;-)They have similar flags.They all speak Germanic languages.. . Remember, Finland isn't part of it.It's coooollldd!!!there all cold at the same time. and they all like to eat fish...Finland,Denmark,Norvege,Finland and Russia,Iceland
50. What planet are you from?50there are 48 continguous states. 2 detached hawaii and alaska that gives you a total of 50. . (id say 51 but puerto rica duznt count50 States.  Territoriies of Puerto Rico, US Virgin Islands, Guam, American Mariana Islands and Samoa.  We used to have Philippines and Canal Zone too.50, next...there are still 50 , i havent heard of any of them rebeling and becoming there own country ,.  a little history challenged  are you?50 states, but the US has Puerto Rico as a territory too.48 continental states. 2 detatched states - Hawaii & Alaska. Several territories - Puerto Rico, US Virgin Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Canal Zone, etc.
It is an Arabic word also known as Amir, means the Ruler or President of a country.a princeAn Emir is the name given to the royal figure of a muslim state/ country. Its basiacally like a king but, he's just a little bit more supreme. He is also a religious leader & he's looked upon for guidance.Head of State, usually.courtesy of google... . Emir (also sometimes rendered as Amir or Ameer, Arabic commander) is a title of nobility historically used in Islamic nations of the Middle East and North Africa. Originally it was a title of honor given to descendants of Muhammad via his daughter Fatima Zahra. Centuries after the time of Muhammad it became used in a wider range of contexts, such as the title used by chieftains of Bedouins of Arabia and by nobles and officials of the Ottoman Empire. . . Note: I think some arab country rulers use it cause they really arent royalty, but want a good sounding title nontheless.. haha!yes, is all what those people called it except it is not president but a something like king that oversee the people in his juridiction or that are under him.
As Saint-Petersburg lies in Russia and as Russia is a christian-orthodox country, Christmas is on the eve of January 6th to January 7th (as in all other christian orthodox countries, like Serbia, Greece, etc). . See wikipedia link, under the entry 4 "Other days of celebration"russian orthodox christmas is on 7 januaryJanuary 7th... they're Orthodox Christians...Yes 7Jan is our holidayChristmas is December 25 in all the places that celebrate Christmas.Orthodox Christmas is on January 7th and not just in St. Petersburg but everywhere in Russia.Russian Orthodox Christmas is January 7.Usually, January 7.
718 for landlines.  646 and 347 for most cell phones.718 is the main one.they were right 718Come  on now....any local phone book will have the listing for every zip code available! Or - you can always call 4-1-1 and ask the operator......good luckTheir area code is 718.718646
Situated on the Leeds - Liverpool canal, Wigan pier  ( once a coal loading jetty) is now a tourist centre.   Made famous by George Orwell in his grim novel, "The Road to Wigan Pier", when Wigan coal was rated highly, and conditions both in and out of the coal pit, were dire indeed.it for the pie eaters dive in when they keep getting beat plus it used to be a top spot for northern soul on a Friday. had to set off Wednesday get there by barge.i wonder if they have buses yeta pier. in wigan. ...yeah thats abt it.Wigan Pier is a loading dock on the canal in wigan, it sounds good but thats it.its a long building that goes into the sea. at  wiganWhat you have never been to wigan pier??????  I live in Wigan, we do have a pier.  The night Club Wigan pier is probably what you heard of the music is great. The club isn't far from the pier, as you probably guessed.. . . What made you ask anyway?. . I would like to add, they guy ebo is a cheeky little sod!!Used to be where they loaded the barges on the canal i thinkIt's a pier. It's in Wigan. What else do you need to know?Situated on the banks of the Leeds-Liverpool Canal, Wigan Pier is one of the north west’s favourite visitor attractions.Wigan in Greater Manchester County, Lancashire and Wigan Pier, coal mining and George Orwell in Wigan.Wigan Pier is now an industrial museum showing how life was like at the time when Barge transport was the main industrial means of transporting goods. If you really want to know, why not go there and see for yourself.Wigan pier is a visitor attraction in lancashire. It was a stop off for barges's along the canal. The actors at the museum are excellent and make sure you touch the coffin ! ( out of respect)there is no sea at wiganWigan Pier is most famous for the Wigan Pier Casino (at the far end of the Pier), which used to be (possibly still is now) a music hall in the 1920s and 30s. Changing with the times, it became a nightclub, in the 1960s which was the UK's premier Northern Soul mightspot, and continued at least into the 1990s, where it also hosted several legal raves.. . Hope this helps!
Just to ask your russian friendIt is very easy to have a russian person apply for your invitation.. They can then send it to you via dhl or what ever service you like.. Take your invitation to your nearest russian consulate and you should recieve your visa in a matter of days and you don't have to pay all of that money to one of those services.If you are from the US go to russia-visa.com. I have used them before and am using them again. Just follow their instructions and they will issue you the invitation and get your Russian visa for you. I will let you know you will need  to send them two passport type photos and your passport. The reason you have to send them your passport is because your Russian Visa goes inside of it. The process takes about a week unless you want to pay more. They do have next day service that cost a lot more. The total cost is around 170.00. It really is a very easy process. I have been to Russia and am going again in January so if you have any questions Just ask!!There are lots of "visa services" for Russia, but one I have used that is very reputable is:. . http://www.waytorussia.net/. . Click on Visa Support.. . Otherwise, you need to get letters inviting you, send them to the OVIR, get approval... real pain in the butt. Well worth paying for the service.
There's more service and more competition at LAX and SFO.  Specifically, the Bay area and LA feature frequent service from low fare carriers such as Southwest and JetBlue which forces fares to most markets to remain low.Supply and Demand.  There's hardly supply, but the demand is (relatively) great.  So the airlines that DO fly to FAT charge what the market can support.Competition.  Where are you flying?  What days are you planning?  Is it during the holidays?  Are you flying to a destination where there are several airlines competing for your business or is it just basically one airline flying there?. . SFO/Bay Area has a lot of competition for your business.
you'll find gypsies in every major city in europe..as long as you keep your eyes open, and watch for the gypsy kids holding up maps to get directions, you'll be fineIt's true that the gypsies have earned their reputation in Prague, but if you just take all the normal anti-pickpocket precautions on public transport and in tourist areas you should be fine. Take special care at M?stek, Karluv Most, Staromestske Namesti and Mala Strana.I was just in Prague this summer, and I didn't notice many gypsies at all.  I noticed more when I was in Rome.there are gypsies EVERYWHERE.. Don't let them get in the way of your vacation.. Prague is a beautiful city [[even though I only went there when I was 3 to visit relatives]]. Gyspies in Europe are just like homeless people or robbers//criminals in the USA.
I have never heard of it, but I'm pretty sure that it has nothing to do with Napa Valley in northern California.Napa lettuce, commonly referred to as Napa Cabbage, is a vegetable used in Chinese stir fry and other recipes. It is very mild tasting when cooked in stir fry. Look it up on-line and you will see what it looks like.
You'll either to have to contact whoever sold you the ticket (or the airline's ticket desk when you get to the airport) and pay for the upgrade. Alternatively, ask when you check in for a free upgrade - if the flight is overbooked and depending on airline policy, you may get an upgrade.Free upgrades are not as common as they used to be unless you are a very frequent traveller.  If you don't mind paying the upgrade fee, check with Continental to see what their policies are in terms of fees, payment and advance notice. Many airlines allow you to upgrade for a fee, anywhere between 24-48 hours before the flight. Usually you have to either call in or arrange at the gate when you arrive and you usually have to pay with a credit card (no checks or cash). Of course it's all based on how many unsold seats are left in first class.. . Check the class of your ticket, too. There's various "levels" of coach tickets--- some are more restricted than others, and the most heavily restricted ones can't be upgraded at all even if you're willing to pay and there are seats available. Usually these are the class of tickets you get from resellers like travelocity.com and priceline.com.  . . It never hurts to ask when you arrive at the airport.  But unless you have preferred status or a whole lot of frequent flier miles saved up from actual flying or from credit card miles, don't get your heart set on it.
Why is the population in the states so unevenly distributed? It's all got to do with fertile land, economics, and commericialism. Same thing with the Middle East.Its a desert.. People like to stay near water sources.
It is 7hr ahead of German time. . 8hr + GMT6 hrs.
Integral Coach Factory (ICF) is located in Perambur, a suburb near Chennai, India. Its primary products are rail coaches. Most of the coaches manufactured are supplied to Indian Railways, but it has also manufactured coaches for railway companies in other countries, including Thailand, Burma, Taiwan, Zambia, Philippines, Tanzania, Uganda, Vietnam, Nigeria, Mozambique and Bangladesh.. . It has a production capacity of more than 1000 coaches annually.. . They manufacture only passenger coaches and not wagons as told by ranjeet. Also it is not "Integrated" - it is "integral"ICF - Integral Coach Factory. . With the decision of the Ministry of Railways to locate the Integral Coach Factory at Perambur, a team of engineers under the leadership of Mr M.Ganapathi of Chittaranjan reputation took up site investigation and preparation of designs & drawings in May 1951. The factory initially consisted of 10 shops with a covered area of 8,84,600 sq.ft laid out on the then most modern lines. Raw materials were received at one end, progressed through the factory in a uniflow and finished coaches rolled out at the other end. While the factory was taking shape, construction works for Administrative Office building, Worker’s Canteen and Staff Colony also progressed rapidly.. . Perhaps the most important event was the inauguration of production in the factory by the then Prime Minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru on 02.10.1955. Thus this great factory, ICF, came into being with Shri K.Sadagopan, as the first Chief Administrative Officer. Dignitaries present on this occasion included Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri, Railway Minister; Shri O.V.Alagesan, Dy. Minister for Railways; Shri K.Kamaraj, Chief Minister of Madras Presidency and Mr.U.Huber, Director of the Swiss company, for whom this was a proud moment, a witness to the consummation of the efforts of his experts working in collaboration with Indian engineers.ICF means Integrated Coach Factory for making railway wagons. It is in Perambur, 10-15 kms from Chennai. The famous Mumbai Locals are made there every year.
in america frontier airlines.however if you fly standby your oneway ticket is less than a quarter of the same flighteasyjetIt changes depends on your route, but there are websites that compare all prices for you if needed.. Yahoo! FareChase, do the best job if your origin is in the US.. Kelkoo do the same thing if you are in Europe.In Middle East Its Air Arabia,. In Europe, Its Ryanair. In India, Its Kingfishereasy jet
Exit 10/I287 South. (It says south but it's really east at that point.) Follow the signs carefully to 440/Staten Island. 440 takes you to the OBC.Take exit 10 off the turnpike - the signs to Staten Island and the Outerbridge Crossing start right there - you'll be on Rt 440 (which takes you right over the bridge) and be about 5 minutes from the bridge.  Just follow the signs - there are a lot of ramps so be careful.
Go onto the M4 Westbound.... . Exit at Junction 16 and join the A46 Southbound towards Bath.buy a sat nav system preferably tom tom or if you cant afford that try www.theaa.com they even tell you were speed cameras are nowever heard of the motorway?drive your car fast as hell into your toilet wall then slam on the brakes and hopefully you will go flying through the windscreen and land in your bath.You want to head towards Heathrow Airport on the M4 and stay on the motorway until you get to the Bath exit which is less than 2 hours down the motorway.  It's clearly signed.London to Bath. . Total Time: 3 h. 11 min.       Total Distance:  107.70 Miles       Total Cost: £30.16. . From: London, Gt.Lon. . AccDist. MilesMilesDirections. . London, Gt.Lon. . Follow signs The West into Knightsbridge A4.    0.50   0.50Knightsbridge (Underground Station) . Turn right A315 (signposted Kensington).    1.20   0.70Royal Albert Hall (on left) .    1.80   0.60Kensington. At traffic signals forward .    2.70   0.90Olympia Exhibition Hall.    3.50   0.80Hammersmith. Follow signs The West (A4), Guildford (A3) to .    3.80   0.30Junction with A4. At roundabout take 2nd exit . (signposted The West). to join Great West Road A4.    4.80   1.00Hogarth Roundabout (Junction with A316). Take 3rd exit .    5.90   1.10Start of Motorway . Take right-hand lane to join Motorway M4.    6.80   0.90Junction with A4. Branch left (signposted Staines, Hounslow). to leave motorway & join A4.    8.20   1.40"Gillette Corner".    9.30   1.10Osterley Station (Underground).   11.30   2.00Junction with A30/A3006 (Henlys Corner). At roundabout take 2nd exit . (signposted Heathrow Terminal 1,2 & 3).   11.70   0.40Cranford (Waggoners Roundabout). Take 2nd exit .   13.10   1.40"Ariel Hotel" (Forte Posthouse - Heathrow). At traffic signals forward .   13.70   0.60(edge of) Heathrow Airport. At traffic signals forward (signposted Slough).   15.20   1.50Junction with A3044(N). At roundabout take 2nd exit . In 1.8 miles keep left then right .   17.50   2.30Junction with B470/M4. At roundabout take 1st exit B470. (signposted Datchet).   19.30   1.80Datchet. Turn right then left (signposted Windsor). over level crossing & then at T-junction . turn right B470. In 0.5 mile cross River Thames.   20.80   1.50WINDSOR. Follow signs Maidenhead (A308). to leave by Clarence Road unclassified .   21.90   1.10Junction with A308/A332/B3024/B3173. At roundabout take 3rd exit B3024.   22.80   0.90Dedworth ("The Wolf" public house) . At mini-roundabouts forward . In 0.8 mile at T-junction turn left .   25.00   2.20Fifield. In 1.7 miles at T-junction turn left A330.   27.10   2.10Touchen-end ("The Hinds Head" public house) . Turn right B3024 (signposted Twyford). 1.6 miles farther bear left . In 0.7 mile forward (signposted Twyford, Reading).   30.30   3.20Waltham St Lawrence.   32.70   2.40Ruscombe.   33.10   0.40Junction with A3032. Turn left A3032 into .   33.30   0.20Twyford. At traffic signals forward (signposted Reading).   34.50   1.20Junction with A4/B478. At roundabout take 1st exit A4. In 0.8 mile at roundabout take 2nd exit .   36.20   1.70Junction with B3350. At roundabout take 3rd exit . In 0.6 mile at roundabout take 2nd exit .   37.00   0.80Junction with A329(M). At roundabout take 2nd exit . By London Road enter .   39.20   2.20READING. Follow signs Newbury A4.   42.60   3.40Calcot Row. At roundabout take 2nd exit . In 0.4 mile at roundabout take 2nd exit . In 0.2 mile at roundabout take 2nd exit .   43.50   0.90Junction with M4. At roundabout take 2nd exit (signposted Theale).   43.80   0.30Junction for Theale. At roundabout take 2nd exit .   44.80   1.00Junction with A340 (north). At roundabout take 2nd exit (signposted Newbury).   49.70   4.90Woolhampton ("The Angel Inn") . In 2.6 miles at roundabout take 2nd exit .   52.80   3.10LITTLE CHEF RESTAURANT (132).   53.30   0.50Thatcham. In 1.1 miles at roundabout take 1st exit . In 1 mile at roundabout take 2nd exit .   56.10   2.80Junction with A34. At roundabout take 3rd exit . & keep left (signposted Hungerford).   56.50   0.40Junction with B4494. At roundabout take 2nd exit .   57.30   0.80Speen (post office) .   60.30   3.00"Halfway Inn". In 4.1 miles at mini-roundabout forward . then shortly at roundabout take 1st exit .   64.70   4.40Hungerford. At mini-roundabout forward . (signposted Marlborough).   67.50   2.80Froxfield. In 5.9 miles descend (1 in 10).   74.50   7.00MARLBOROUGH. Follow signs Calne A4.   77.30   2.80Fyfield.   79.8Exit junction that says bathroom. Turn on the cold tap and wake yourself upEasy, Just go here. http://www.multimap.com/map/aproute.cgi?input_rt=aproute_pan&startcountry=GB&endcountry=GBHI. GO TO THE AA SITE.THEN ROUTE PLANNER,ENTER BATH OR POSTCODE.DEAD EASY.BEST OF LUCK.OR M4.TO BRISTOL.THEN M5 TO BATH.FRANK,
Goa is nice, but Thai are surely a lot more friendlyYou cannot compare Goa with a city like Bangkok.... in size, location, culture, pollution, etc. I travelled to both destinations.. . It depends what your interests are!the indian milatary isnt overthrowing the govenmenti can't tell you why,  who told you that must have been one of those indian's that come online and repeat themself in chat room, have large fonts and always want some girl to look at his tiny thing.Who said Goa is a better place to visit? What is your purpose of visit? Business or pleasure? And what kinds? Shopping? Eating? Culture? Location? . . And where is Goa? . . But I would think Bangkok is nicer cos Thais are all nice.Is this a personal or public opinion? Never heard that Goa has ever been a better place to visit compared to Bangkok! Have you been to Bangkok?Goa has become a popular family destination and has a lot to offer in terms of historical places, a number of beaches with varied settings, etc.goa is not better at all,you trying to match an orange with an appleAccording to me ever place is good to visit. It depends on us how good we fell in a place to visit . Very often we want to visit other parts of the world for refreshment in our life. And if we like that place we want to visti it again. It completly depends on us , that how good did the environment infulence you. Yah! its true that some people say that Goa is a better place to visit than Bangkok , But as it is in my opinion everything compared to other is better.
Go to www.Dictionary.comdatte means "like so" or "it's said"  and used as a conclusion.. . bayo is a dialect.  the person is not from Tokyo.. is more or less like "right" or "you know"  when it could be wrong or even if you don't know?  its just an ending phrase, however a dialect, and not used all around Japan.Dattebayo is something used to enhance a sentence(or make it sound beter) it ... just copy and paste someone elses definition
well if you know what time he is arriving you could go to the airports web address and check out all the flights from the city he is flying in from. . you really need to know what airline .....just ask...all your friend can do is not answer...but i bet they'll tell you what you want to knowI think if you know the source and destination of the journey it will be quite easy...... . Just find of list of flights on that route and call all customer care....very lengthy way but if you don't have any other details this is the best way
It is actually the first one that you mentioned:  A wet market.  Oftentimes, it can also be seen in barangays where people opted to do their marketing in their neighborhood instead of going to a city wet and dry market.Talipapa is also situated away from the coast.  It can be seen along the streets also.  It is also called Tumana.  They sell fish, vegetables, meat, fruits.  Like a mini market.it's also a wet market but within the baranggay, coz some people opt to go there instead of the bigger wet market in the city.There is a fish called tilapia.
You can,. Here is the Cheap International Plane Tickets. You comaire the offers between different compnies and book online. Choose the one which complete your requirments,. http://cheap-airlines-tickets.blogspot.com/don't know, but whatever you pay, your visit to rio is always worth.it's impossible!!. For one person is about $1400.00..... Change destination or take a road trip !!no
Nice question  everybody know about this you also most know this but you dint like to give answer. Don't worry say like this.....Because of Politics..It's an independent country - just as Canada is independent of the USA. Own government, own laws, own money ...A part
low rain fall. hot and dryPretty hot and this year even more compared to the last one. Bangkok is always quite heavy also due to the pollution but Pattaya should be better since you have a sea-breeze.yahooweather.com for weather forecast - pretty accurateStill Hot but much more pleaseing for me then in the Summer. I still sweat a bit in my open Shirt and its Funny to see all the Girls in their Coats saying "Now" or "Yen" (Cold)
Yes, French is spoken in Morocco. Heck NO it is not the native language! If you want to get really picky, Berber is the native language of Morocco-- the Berbers were around long before the Arabs rolled into town. At present, there are two languages and five total dialects spoken in Morocco: Arabic (Moroccan dialect and Saharan dialect) and Berber (Tamazight, Tarifit and Tachelhit).But isn't it facing the French Riviera?In 670 AD, that the first Arab invasions of the North African coastal plain took place under Uqba ibn Nafi, a general serving under the Umayyads of Damascus. He swept with his army into what is now Morocco in the year 683. Which he called "Maghreb al Aqsa" or "The Far West". The Arab invasion of Morocco was faced by strong resistance from local Berbers.. . Morocco became a state of some interest in itself to the European Powers. France showed a strong interest in Morocco as early as 1830. . . Morocco recovered its political independence from France on March 2, 1956 and on April 7 France officially relinquished its protectorate.. . The people there speak Moroccan, which is not the same as Arabic and the second most spoken language is French (it is still part of the school curriculum).  My husband is Moroccan and speaks German, Spanish and English as well as Arabic and Moroccan.Same reason they do in Algeria, Ivory Coast, Quebec, etc.. . Morocco was a French protectorate.because morocco was once a colony of  france... . they have learned their colonizers' language too well...Because they were under French occupation.Officially they speak arabic and due to occupation of Morocco by France the most of people know french .due to french colonalization
Bed and Breakfast is soley your breakfast. . Half Board is two means - ordinarily your breakfast and evening meal and soft drinks/tea/cofee with these meals. . Full Board is all of your meals and drinks. . All Inclusive is all meals and drinks including alcohol [usually the local alchol] plus any acitivites and sports which the hotel runs. . If you have kids it's probably best to go all inclusive so you don't have to fork out for extras for them, but if it's just you and your partner than half-board is a good option as you are not tied to the hotel waiting for your meals each day... Source: I go on holiday a lot and just got back from a half-board holiday to Mauritius.all inclusive is just that and half board is room breakfast and dinner you buy your own lunches and drinksAll inclusive is as it says everything is included. Half board i think covers bed, breakfast and evening meal.Half board is Breakfast & Dinner. All Inclusive is Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner & some if not all drinks
This depends on your nationality. If you are a EU citizen, for example, you don't need a visit visa. You can enter and stay for two months without restrictions. Having a hotel reservation or the name of the legal person that will provide for your accommodation will help to avoid problems in the passport control.for my knowlegde ther is no uae embassy in qatar.. . you can obtain a visit visa through a sponser which can be:. a uae national,. uae resident,. tour operator (licensed with uae),. hotel or. emirates airlines. . passportcopy and 2 fotos will be needed
Go to the Greene King museum and get mashed. other than that the place sucks.if you dont like bury theres newmarket, that town is bustlin,Well there's the Bury (Cathedral).  That should keep you busy for a week or two.I think the smallest pub in the world is in Bury St. Edmunds
138 miles, about 2 1/2 hours.... and WHY are you asking this in Portland category?  just curious ... it defies my own logic .... is it because Oregonians have a naturally superior intellect and you were seeking this?  rofl!!100 miles
landfill---people been doing it for years. Tokyo even did it to build a airport.There are dredgers that go out and dredge loads of silt fromthe bottom of the sea in the Gulf, they then bring it back in and siomply put it in the water where they want to make their Island. Eventually they will drop enough stuff on the seabed that an island will be created.. . I saw them doing this last year when I was working out there.
only met one in my life time.. my old boss.. fhysically she was tall and blonde she was very smart and well organized she could not stand anything out of place.. she kept her office very clean and expected every body elas to do the same i have to say i liked her accent, very stronged willed person, athough i do not believe she was wealthy she could make you think that maybe she was it was just the way she carried herselfSmarter that most of you are expecting to be, more educated and very nice. Why? Because I'm " a Romanian person" and I know very well, for example, that Kafka was not a football player.A free loading uk bound or here already parasite.All they wanna do is get on the boat over here and then drop as many kids as possible,so they get good housing and plenty of benefits available to sponge on.Five minutes after setting foot here they are busy cashing Giro's and sending the money back for the rest of their huge expanded family to sort some shoes out for the next excursion.They do a good line in mugging brits while they are here also.I rest my case.Romanian person... hmm... . . The women are generally sexy, warm and loving, and very strong willed. Also, very willing to be sexually active with a guy, pretty quick.. . The men... strong willed, always wanting to make the biggest buck, but always willing to "negotiate" for "other needs" (you help me, I will help you). Always playing the "big shot"... like who has the nicest car, or the nicest mobile phone.. . In general... wonderful people.. . Why? Don't know... just my personal experience after having lived there for 1.5 years.
Get a personal injury lawyer who knows how to go about things in the French courts (most US lawyers have not got a clue about this)  but do NOT let him take you for a lot of money; make him take the case on contingency - with the idea of he gets a percentage of any award you might get from the law suit.. . Word of caution.  The French courts are not into personal injury law suits like the American courts are.  So, frankly and truthfully, I do not think you will get any satisfaction trying to sue a French company and you will only make yourself crazy and end up with lawyer bills to compound the injury into injustice.Once you left France, there's not much you can do . Probably they will apologize to you and give you a free ticket or a voucher.Don't expect much.1st check ur contract terms and conditions and find out which legal juristiction any action is to be filled under. then if, france, instructed a lawyer to sue from inside france. easy. it will cost!. look up a similar case with ryan air http://www.out-law.com/page-4261 which was wheel chair orientated.Air France isnt in charge of wheel chair service.  For one thing...its not an Air France airport...Charles de Gualle is the airport run by what ever government agency in France.  As the others have said, France does not have personal injury law.  Once you leave the country, you have no recourse.  The airline doesnt have to provide you with a wheel chair.  Secondly, the airline doesnt contract the people who push the wheelchairs, the airport does.. . The cost to go into International law would be phenominal and many lawyers will not even touch suing an airline.  The airlines have a slew of lawyers that would bury any attorney of a trivial matter.  If you had a back problem and knew you would need assistance, you should have rented your own wheel chair to carry with you when you travel.  Other countries do not have laws governing for handicapped people.  . . So, its really a mute point.France does not have the same rules and laws that the United States has.  Hence why they are not sue happy like the US.. Also, Air France is not an airport, it's air line.  Chances are that you have no case with them at all.  The system is so different there that you would probably have to hire a French lawyer, and do all proceedings there, unless you want to pay a fortune to do it from here.. Oh, and it's not against the law to be rude anywhere in the US nor overseas, it just sucks you got treated poorly.Obviously you get off of yahoo answers and get a lawyer.
If you will be retired when you go to Malta there should be no problem as Malta is a member of the European Union.. You will also need a E111 European Health Card. This will allow you free emergency treatment in any EU country. You can apply at any post office and you should receive it in about a week.. Also, talk to your doctor and he/she should advise you.. Hope this helps.I would have thought that you would be able to get the medication over there? I've lived abroad but not in Malta so try this website, it's a great discussion forum for expats. . There's different sections for different countries, I'm sure there will be someone on there that can advise you.. Hope this helps and good luck.. Jane xCall someone like AAA and ask them. They will be able to find out for youAsk you Doctor for a prescription to cover that amount of time.You shouldn't need to do anything other than let your home GP know.  You'll need to get 6 months' prescription from him, if not the actual supply.  Check if they have what you need in Malta and if they allow it to be sold there.. . This website might help - written for the Telegraph by an ex-pat livign in Malta:. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/global/main.jhtml?xml=/global/mentors/malta3.xml#7. . Make sure you take your NHS card with you too, and getting extra health insurance can't hurt; the AA are very good, they actually covered my AF in the Travel Insurance, which most companies wouldn't touch with a bargepole!. . Have fun!Take the drugs, and the prescriptions, with you to be certain to have what you need when you need it. . . Enjoy your retirement!if you go to a local doctor ,with a medical history from your own doctor you will have no trouble getting a prescription filled . i live in Malta and when my father stayed with us her for the last few years of his life he needed loads of different pills and had no trouble getting what he needed but be warned medicine can be pretty expensive her.. i hope this helps and that you enjoy your stay. greetings from Maltajust plainly tell your doctor what you intend to do and he will guide you either by giving you a supply to cover that period or some other way !!but he is your man  Good Luck
You should have no problem moving to England because you are married to a British Citizen. I'm fairly sure you can just go to England and then, if it is necessary. apply for permanent residency.Just present your marriage certificate to the English Embassy.  They will issue you a permanent resident visa as you are married to an Englishman.  I do not know how long it will take for you to get a work permit, but it should be a formality as opposed to a needs-based application.  Again, the marriage is key.
Get out the old bango and strum a few strings on the street or something.....Seriously, if you are stranded dude, do what you have to do.Let me see if I understand this. You are stranded but are able to access the Internet?Find the local office of Catholic Charities, they will probably help you. Call information or look in the phone book
With Southwest Airlines you can go online i believe up to 24 hours in advance and print your boarding pass. Thats how I did it.for 1 thing u need to be able to afford section A u know what im sayin? then u have to knowto get your  ticket for an airplane a month before u departyou may not be booking your flights in that much of an advance or not printing them off the internet early enoughMany airlines like to board the rear of the plane first.  That prevents people in the front of the plane from blocking the rear and middle sections' passengers while they put their luggage away and settle in.. . So, by asking for seats in the rear of the plane, you will be able to board first.  Of course, needless to say, you'll be deplaning last.It really depends on the airline. One thing that helps get priority boarding status is to purchase your ticket from the airline itself and not from a reseller like Hotwire or Priceline. I know with USAir, America West and Delta, on flights that do zoned boarding, if you purchase from Priceline (or similar) you are automatically in Zone 5 or 6, even if there's only one other person on the plane.. . Could you post the airline?When you buy your ticket ask for section A if they refuse to give you a seat keep calling the airlines and asking them for the seats you want.  . . I always call and book our seats by phone before the flight. Usually I start trying 10 days prior to the flight. . . If you get to the airport ask to have you seats changed. . I don't know the type of place but now they save the bulkhead seats for handicapped people and people with medical problems. . Find out the type of plane you will be flying on and go on line and fine the plane seating chart and choose what you like then ask for it.Check in online 24 hours before your flight. We just did that on sunday and we got section A.You must be talking about Southwest. Generally, to get an A boarding card, you have to check-in on line the night before. Only on the very lightest of flights will they still have As or Bs left at the airport. It is strictly by order of check in. The first 45 get A, the next 45 get B and the last 47 get C. Easy as pie.Pre-book your seat, be the first to check in, or get an upgradeit doesnt matter how many tickets you get.. it just matters when you check into your flight.. you can check into your flight 24 hours before boarding time. Normally, like on southwest (im not sure what other airlines do this), you are able to check in online and print your boarding pass out. Even if you do not have a printer, all you need is the internet, your name and confirmation number, and you check in. It;ll then show your boarding pass with what section you have, which will most likely be boarding group A.  If you do not want to print your boarding pass you dont have to, but when you get to the airport just go to the check in counter and inform them that you have already checked in but you lost your boarding pass (or just simply need one). They will print you out another boarding pass with the same boarding group that would have been on the one you printed out.request it, but when we flew they boarded those with disabilities first, the elderly, and families with children first.  . . it's the discretion of the crew who they want to board first.  you were just unlucky those times before.
Call Air India and ask.Most airlines will allow you to check in your bags up to 6 hrs prior to flight.  However, you can not leave the airport once you check your bags, that is considered abandonment.
It depends on the context and how it's pronounced.. 1. It could mean "done or finished.. 2. It could also mean "stop it or knock it off", especially when it is repeated, like "how-la how la"it means "it have been done already,and do not worry about it". the Chinese character is ??.If you have interest to Chinese, please visit www.hanyuwang.com .you can learn Chinese online.     .         ----A Chinese English learner. you are welcome to email me to :peterwan1982@yahoo.comDepending on the situation, it can be a statement or a response. "how" means good and "la" means already literally.. The most common use is either as "It's done" or "Okay". Assuming this is Mandarine or Putonghua as they refer to it as "the common language"
BZH are the initials of "Breizh", which means "Brittany" in breton language (which is spoken there).It is a non-profit association Identity Breton,whose goal is the. promotion and official recognition of the Breton language (Breizh). and cultural Identity.. And it is a Breton Domain  .bzh
It started when the ancient world started....... since then there are already many Malay and Chinese who are fascinated with the beauty and culture of the Philippines.... the biggest breakthrough was when Ferdinand Maeggelan arrived on 1521..... from that time on.... Philippines has been accepting visitors and tourist all over the world!!!!I am not sure what you meant by that, hehe...  In my view, it started when someone discover that there are delicious mangos to eat and Buko juice is good to drink!  Oh, maybe the fishermen first found out that there are so many tasty fishes among the 7101 islands in this Pinoyland!  It is only natural when people found out how colorful and exotic the place is...It's strated by magic!  (BTW, do you believe in magic!)may have 'accidentally' started since the spanish occupation.what do you mean by your question? tourism started in my own theory is when people started to travel and discovered the beauty of the islands.just like how tourism started in other countries
OK let me sort out a basic misconception here. Those things you see flapping their wings - they're not aeroplanes. They are birds.Everything about an aeroplane's flight path is controlled.  Where it's possible, they fly in straight lines.  However, we don't want them crashing into each other.  When they come in to land at a busy airport, their approach has to be carefully calulated so that they approach the runway with enough space between them.  The only way of slowing them down is to make them go a longer way around.They more or less do fly in a straight line!!!  However, setting a specific flight path makes things more uniform and it helps the ground control to follow the planes with instruction to their destination of course taking into account other airlines intersections, etc.  Or else the skies would be a mess!!. . I am a Boeing 747 (jumbo jet) flight simulator pilot by the way!!'Planes don't fly in straight lines because the earth is round.There are currents in the air, just as in the ocean.  They use the known currents... jet streams... to speed the flight.Yeah really! How bout some loops! Immelman turns! Lazy eights! Barrel rolls! Specially if it's an intercontinental flight! You might be sitting next to some California fat slob exuding body odor for eight hours or more, people! Let's break up the monotony! Give the pilot a couple beers, maybe! We're onto the fact it's all computer navigation/sustained flight anywho! Anytime these guys go manual bunches of bad stuff happens!The curvature of the earth, the wind, the weather, and the fuel.Plane flights are generally a combination of headings issued by air traffic control (known as vectors, i.e. vector addition and vector resolution),jet routes or airways. Here, Newton's laws of motion come into play. Planes are held up by the way air pressure rearranges itself when air flows over the wing of a plane.. There would be utter chaos if all planes took off and went in a direct line to their destinations.different air currents.. and they would crash into eachother!some planes aren't allowed to enter certain airspace for security reasons also bear in mind there are thousand of plane airborne at any given time and they cant all use the same route or they would crash so they have to fly various heights and directions to avoid a collision.1) When they take off, they typically fly INTO the wind.. 2) They follow flight paths based on navigation points (VORs) on the ground like how highways go through major towns between each other.. 3) The gather data from other pilots to fly around inclement weather.. 4) Flight paths are very regimented which prevent collision. Flight levels must be attained before some turns can be made.. 5) Avoid the Bermuda Triangle ;-pAir turbulance and weather patterns affect flight as well. And by taking advantage of hte jet stream, can shave some time off that flightThey have to account for wind speed and direction. The pilot told us on a flight that the wind speeds were nearing 220 mph from right to left and we had to fly more west to get to our southwest destination. We went about 600 miles out of the way to make up for the wind.The earth is round and there's wind.  :o)Because the FAA has rules and regulations as to which aircraft get to fly in what airspace, at what time. Also Airline pilots try to set a path that will avoid known turbulence.Because that plane would probably eventuall run into another plane that's going straight as well.  Those flightpaths aren't random... they're set up as "lanes" in the sky.There are many factors like no fly zones, avoiding storms, and the fact that the earth is round so a straight path still looks circular when drawn.They have to follow HIgh Altitude Paths and also follow Standard Routes which are also set by Airlines.. For example a British Airways flight from Heathrow to Bombay (Mumbai) will be quicker if they flew over Iraq into India.. But due to circumstances, they dont. So they have Flight Plans to followthe sky is quite busy so its not always possible to go the shortest straightest route
The fast pass is the only way.  And don't enter the fast pass line without a fast pass or prior to the scheduled time on your fast pass.  They monitor them closely and they'll turn you back.  I've seen it happen on several occasions.. . The other answers are correct in this forum.  Having someone  in a wheel chair with you is one way (other than a fastpass) to get on a ride quickly on busy days.  Last December, 2005, we took my parents to Disney World, on the second day, we went to EPCOT.  Although my mom is not handicapped, she is in her early sixties.  By 2pm she could not walk anymore so we rented a wheelchair for her.  We went to the front of every line after that.. . My best advice to you is to go to Disney World during the off-season... September to the week before Thanksgiving, anytime in December before Christmas, and anytime in January through Presidents Day weekend.  The crowds at these times are minimal so lines won't be an issue.  Just make sure you don't go to the Magic Kingdom in early December when they're filming their Christmas Day special.  We made that mistake last year.  It was the busiest day I'd ever visited any park.only in the universal parks - they have a VIP line if you're staying at one of their three properties.. . my recommendation -- go the opposite way of the crowd!  in epcot - go to the pavillions first - everyone starts at the rides.. disney - i usually hit the frontierland first and work backwards.. mgm - again start in the back....No, there's nothing you can purchase to get you through the lines faster. All you can do is use the FastPass, which actually does help a lot at times and makes the wait shorter. If you're staying at a Disney Resort you can take advantage of the Extra Magic Hours, when only Guests are allowed into the parks. The parks are usually significantly less crowded, and even at the most popular attractions you can literally walk right on with no wait.If they have fast passes there, invest in one.  I don't know if they have them at disney world, havent been in a while.  They have them at 6 flags and they work wonders for long lines.Bring a handicapped person w/ you!pretend your in China... (nobody queues there)Get a fast pass for long lines. Last time we were there it was free. But you could only get 1 fast pass in 1 hour.The fast pass is the best way. When we went we would go to all the rides we wanted to get on and collect fast passes from there then we would line up the times cronoligically and then we would know how much time we had to get on other rides that were not as popular or shopping and then go to that ride get on and then move on. It was great!a fast pass or a handicapped person being with youThe only thing you can do is to get a fast pass at rides that have it or go sometime during September or January when crowds are less.The Fast Pass is the most efficient way to get through the lines faster. Handicap individuals also get to move to the front of the line. And Extra Magic Hours do come in handy. Another thing to remember is that during the off season, during the weekdays, the parks are especially slow. I was there last week and Studios was almost empty on Tuesday and Magic Kingdom wasn't bad on Wednesday. But by the time Friday and Saturday were around, the parks were packed. That's something to keep in mind. The non-peak seasons are usually Jan 2 - March and Sept until Thanksgiving.
why don't you ask Ant instead of DecHOT!!!!. go there you will love it,fantastic beaches,good beer,excellent hotels.one of the best places ive beenI go to Mexico every December for Xmas and New Year. Early December it is usually a little windy, but daytime temperatures reach about 28-30C. Evenings are a little cooler.. Toward the end of December,the wind drops off a bit. Temperatures don't change at all, but you fee a little hotter, as the wind isn't cooling you.. The last 2 years it has rained on one day only out of 14, which isn't bad, and it's still hot enough to go out and enjoy the beach, the sea, etc.Comfortably warm. the odd rain shower that can make it humid and uncomfortable.but otherwise a excellent place to go.Take some Garlic pills with you.Not the smelly ones!! if you are venturing in the jungle.Keeps the Mossies away as the garlic comes out in your pores and they fly off. Nobody can smell the garlic on you either.go there and seeCancun, Mexico. . Weather can't be forecast more than a week or so in advance, but weather averages are good indicators of what to expect any month. . . Month- Average high- Average low- Warmest ever- Coldest ever- Average dew point- Wet days . Jan. 81 67 95 45 68 10 . Feb. 82 68 90 52 68 14 . March 84 71 91 52 69 5 . April 85 73 97 52 71 10 . May 88 77 99 63 73 15 . June 89 78 102 63 76 19 . July 90 78 102 64 76 11 . Aug. 90 77 100 64 76 10 . Sept. 89 76 102 63 75 20 . Oct. 87 74 102 59 73 6 . Nov. 84 72 99 55 71 5 . Dec. 82 69 88 52 69 5 .  . The climate changes are minimal in this area, so you should always pack clothes for swimming and warm weather. A light jacket, shawl or sweater is advisable for the evenings of November, December and January. . . Hope this helps - check out the website listed too.The daytime temps are great, and It has become an annual ritual for my wife and I to go swimming on Christmas Eve and Christmas day. When the sun goes down, however, you may need a sweatshirt, or light jacket.Very warm and humid. I was in that area last December and it was HOT! I didn't see much rain though! Go and enjoy, you will have a great time.The average high is 82 and the low is 69.. http://www.weather.com/outlook/travel/businesstraveler/wxclimatology/monthly/graph/MXQR0138?from=search. If you are going to Cancun this is the best thing I found. http://www.cancunmap.com/cancun_map.html
You have to be more specific.  What airport you want to depart from and the airport you want to arrive at?  For a really simple way to get answers, answer the question above and call 212-964-3951.  Phone call goes to Comfort Travel in Manhattan.  They can help you out and even find you the best prices.  I use them from time to time myself.follow the yellow brick rd. ( just Kidding) . . have a happy ThanksgivingI really don't know WHY you'd want to go there, however, Southwest flys directly to K.C. from LAX, as does MidWest and many airlines fly into Wichita.  It's way TOO boring to drive it.depends on how you want to go...train, bus or plane
Because at those 2 critical moments of the flight the plane should only be seen with its external lights giving heights and directionThey also open the doors to the pilot cabin. So I suppose it's to increase instrument visibility.If you crash you will want to get out of that plane FAST. Waiting 30Min's for your night vision to gradually kick in is not really an option when in a burning wreck.. . So, they simply dim the lights so that your eyes can adjust but they don't tell you why because it may be disturbing to know that you are in a particularly dangerous part of the flight.I should similar reason to not having a light on in the car, the pilot can see the lights inside the cabin and on the runway better without internal lighting being on, and of course, one is able to see should there be any problems on landing or take off.. . Some of the other answers are pretty sick, and NOT funny, especially if one is already scared of flying to start with!. Enjoy your flight.And i thought it was just me that wondered why they did that.. Hope someone answers why.search4travel is COMPLETELY wrong, as the mirror effect occurs on the side that is brighter.. . I encourage you all to report him for posting spam.  I have.they are all wrong, its simple. they turn them off to save electricity as if the meter runs out whilst the pilot is landing he will be too busy to put 50p in the meter and he cant then see his instruments!!Nervous fliers don't read on....... . The reason why the cabin lights are turned off / down at night is that if the plane has a crash that the rescue teams are able to see in, at night if you have the lights on in the cabin it them creates a mirror effect so no-one can see in and also the other reason some of the Answerers have raised about your eyes.. . Sorry to tell you that but that is the reason.I am cabin crew and the reason that the lights are dimmed for take off and landing is because these are the critical phases of flight and accidents are most likely to occur then.. In the event of having to evacuate, every ones eyes will be accustomed to the outside light..."to scare all the people who hate flying!" Or "so the pilot can see the runway like in a car if the lights are on?" sorry i don't know!this is one of the most common questions ... answered here several times before. . . It is nothing to do with electrics etc it is simply to allow your eyes to familiarise with the dark should there be an emergency and you need to exit the plane .. also allows emergency exit/floor lights to show up better.They do that so the crew's eyes will be accustomed to the dark if something went wrong and the lights went out. .. If the lights were on and suddenly went off they would see nothing. Also the pilot in the cockpit would see nothing in the dark outside if the lights were on insidebecause they dont want to lose power while taking offTake off and landing are the most critical stages of flight. Electrical loads in the airplane are usually grouped into essential and non-essential loads. Essential loads are those that are needed for safe navigation and operation of the airplane, like navigation and communications equipment. Non-essential loads include cabin lights, in-flight entertainment systems, etc. To avoid jeopardizing the safe operation of airplane during the critical stages of flights, non essential loads are usually shut off.
The melbourne cup is an institution- it came to the fore in the depression of the 1930 as the average mans race, a race for the masses. . . Now days it symbolises the unity amongst our peers, we all have something in common, we all go into an office sweep, we all wait with baited breath the 3 or so minutes it takes to run the race, we all are consoled when we all loose our hard earned cash on the hope that we might have picked the winner.. . Simply said the race is a time when we can sit back and have not a care in the worldThe Melbourne Cup is the greatest horse race in Australia.It also means a day off work for the people of Melbourne so they can go and see the race. It's a public holiday in Melbourne.It is a day when the nation stands still for a 2 minute horserace and waste a whole lot of money. Oh ye and gets  drunk.. The major thing for me to do on this day is too go shopping because the shops are dead!!!!!About all the Melbourne Cup means to me is a day off and as Cup Day is always a Tuesday most people take the MOnday off as well and make it a long weekend.  I usually always hope that it rains as it is fun to watch all the ladies on the television in their light dresses and large hats getting soaking wet and blown around.  This is also about the only horse race I bother to watch all year and I usually have my fingers crossed that the horses will not fall or hurt themselves.  A few years ago one of the horses broke its leg in the race and it made me feel sick for days.  Oh and I am a Melbournian.horses about 26 of them run around a track to see who will do it the fastest. . PS also a little man sits on the back of each horse & hits it with a little stickThe Melbourne Cup is also called "The horse race that stops a nation".. . It's held the first Tuesday in November every year since 1861 and is a public holiday in Melbourne Victoria.  . . People who would never normally bet on anything ofter have a bet on the Melbourne Cup for fun.. . I have included a link for you that is very interesting to read and I learned heaps reading it ;)
Vouchers are just as good as having cash. You call the airlines, decide where you want to go and when you go to pay, give them your pin code and they will deduct it right then and you pay the difference.. . Good LuckIt's treated as cold hard cash, like $100 bill.  Spend as you wish.. . But try cleaning up your question, and maybe we'll know what you're actually asking.
You should ask at the Mexican embassy or consulate to get further info.?'m mexican living mexico city, and there's no web site info about people status inside jail, you'll have to hire a good Lawyer or private eye to get news & wont be easy becacause of date of death, place (where in Mexico?,some states will be extremly difficult to get this data) & friend's penalty (charge, acussed for?). you may contact an attorney at law working both usa & mex: Mario F. Gutierrez (956) 687 1827 Mc Allent Tx or (899) 229239 in Reynosa Tamaulipas Mex (add long distance code)  He wil find news.  Call him, ask him at no charge. Good luck
It is usually very safe, you will mention your name only to the airport officers and the hotel employer and both of them are used to seeing many Jews in Jordan.. Otherwise, try not to mention your name. ,  . And be careful if you went to the old city of Amman, a couple of incidents happened there, if you are taking your car with you, the officials will simply change you car number to a Jordanian one, that is if you had an Israeli number just for your safety and return your old number on the way out, so make sure you don't have Hebrew written on your car.Very safe.  Jordan is an open and free country. They don't ask your religion when you enter. There are Jews living there just as there are in Egypt and other Middle Eastern countries, except Saudi Arabia which is not a country, but another world where aliens live.not veryits safe man, no worries , many Jews are here and they are protected more than Jordaniansits ok why would they know if yoy are a jew you got a sign around your neckIt had better be safe---I am going there, to see Amman, Petra, and the King's highway.  I didn't mention to the tour guide that I am Jewish, my name doesn't sound it, so--------------.
Taxiyes and its a big pain in the neck take a cab or limo service [carmel or tel- aviv]or the bus from 42nd and park ave the carey bus linesThere are few subway lines that stop at the Roosevelt Avenue - Jackson Heights stop (E, F, G, R, V, 7).  From there pick up the Q33 bus to LaGuardia.take the super shuttle...if your not familiar with the terrain, its too easy to get lost.From DownTown take the N or W Subway to Astoria Boulevard / 31 Street then the M60 Bus to the Airport. . $2 with MetroCard Free Transfer.Take the subway and the bus. You will have to transfer If I knew where exactly you'll be in Manhattan and what time of day you're traveling I could give you a better time estimate and route information for public transportation. You can get detailed public transportation directions and timing yourself from www.hopstop.com. . You can also take a cab.The flat rate for a cab from Manhattan to LaGuardia is $35 plus tolls and tip. Again timing depends on exact location and time of day, but I'd say allow 30 to 45 minutes from midtown by cab.. . Don't take super shuttle. It takes forever and they drop you off a good 2-3 hours before your flight time.take a cab it cost me like 20 bucks from the waldorf on park ave, to lga, it took about 25 minutes that was in morning traffic tho
step one... learn how to spell millionaire.errrm u left all the other categories and countries and posted ur question in Egypt section. hayel good thinking. its a very good step showing that YOU WILL NEVER BE A MILLIONAIRE!If we knew the answer to this question, we wouldnt have all that time to waste on Yahoo!If u mean how to be a millionaire in Egypt then here r the steps: First u have to steal a good sum of money, then with half that money give it as a bribe to the judge who will be in your case (in case u r arrested). After u r freed forge some papers that prove that your money is from a legal source and start a small project with it. Dont forget to make another one with Alaa Mubarak cause without him u will be nothing!! So the keywords to be a millionaire r: Steal- Bribe- Forge and Alaa Mubarak!simple thing: make a song and get some girls dancing in its video and thats it. . u don't have to make a whole new song, like the song called (el 3enab) u can make a smilar one called (el bateekh) or even (el hasheesh). . i promise u it will workJoin the Politics Committy in the National Democratic Party.Everybody is. Did you mean billionaire? An apartment in Cairo is for a million for God's sake you want to be homeless?marry me lolI don't know. otherwise you wont find us sitting on our butts here answering your questions.Find King Tuts real tomb!  dig a little deeper and find the space ship that helped them get the stones transported there from thousands of miles away.  then sell the rights to it.There are two ways of getting a  lot of money.. but you have to believe in Mercantilism which means do what ever it takes to be a millionaire.. Just like what they believed in during the medeveil year.. people have traveled the world for trade and production that made country very rich.. Education is also something you should include in your agend so how. but you figure the way you want it to go.. . . EmlnOK, there are lawful and unlawful way to make a million dollars.. An unlawful way, for example is selling drugs.. A legal way might be real estate. . Almost any sales job pays more than an hourly job. . . On the other hand, if you want to earn a million over the course of a lifetime, $12.50/hr X 40 hours a week, for 40 years is a million (gross). . . The lottery doesn't count.if you know let me know please
OK first you learn how to spell it, then you learn where it is located, finally you learn what they do and do not fish in these waters...sorry but the barron sea has no sea life. (hence the name).. the bering sea does though. the easiest way to get a job is by going up there, but you might not get a job so be prepared. (lots of cash)Maybe you should first figure out the correct name of the Sea.  If you dont know the name of the water you would be fishing you have no business going on a dangerous boat.  So stupid!
Keep in mind that Boston is much more likely than DC to get snow...although it does happen and its pretty cool!. . Today the difference in temperature is only about 2 degrees Fahrenheit, but usually I would say the temperatures differ by about 5 degrees Fahrenheit.it will feel colder in bostonBoston is a lot colder than Washington, because it is closer to the Ocean and further north.
I believe it is pretty difficult. There is a reciprocal scheme between Canada and Australia that allows 1 year work visas but I think it is restricted to people under 27. I suggest you have a look at this site. It will have a lot more information.. http://www.canada.embassy.gov.au/Most work visas are issued for areas of skills shortages. Your husband may qualify for that type of visa - if he applies for jobs in Australia where the employer has not been able to get a suitable local applicant then the employer could sponsor you and your husband to come.. You would probably not be able to live in Brisbane/Sydney or Melbourne - but smaller regional centres, Darwin(particularly the mines or oil rigs out of Darwin).. It would be worth your while to check with the department of immigration - I am sorry I don't know their website.. When I completed the paperwork for an employee I had no problems and the visa took a couple of months from memory.
walking on the beach is free.There are a lot of different vendors for activities there.  Remember also anything is negotiable there. http://www.frommers.com/destinations/cancun/0037010011.html. When going to Cancun this is the greatest thing you Can get. http://www.cancunmap.com/cancun_map.htmlSomething that was really fun and wasn't to expensive that I have done was rent a jeep and go drive around the island. The rental was only like $25 bucks or something and we just drove around and did some awesome shopping. Vanilla is a great thing to buy there, its a great quality and a good price.
Following the foundation of Turkey after World War I, Mustafa Kemal regarded the fez - which Sultan Mahmud II had originally introduced to the Ottoman Empire's dress code in 1826 - as a symbol of feudalism and banned it, encouraging Turkish men to wear European attire - thus, hats such as the fedora became popular.Yes, its not allowed to wear fes for our daily life, that is one of the republic reforms of the founder Mustafa Kemal ATAT?RK. It was a symbol of the Ottoman Empire.. . Of corz its not forbidden if u wear fes as a tourist.rerad this http://www.historyhouse.com/in_history/fez_1/Cits as a mark of respect for the late Tommy Cooper, he was big in Turkey.Dunno, but i did buy a fez there. Dunno why. That was a low point.travellingman It's your news?. http://www.osoq.com/funstuff/extra/extra04.asp?strName=travellingmanIt was a law for modernizing Turkey 80 years ago. Today that law is not so important you can wear whatever you wantit is not fashinable. we use sport hatAtaturk wanted to westernise Turkey and secularise the country. One method he employed was to introduce western style headgear - bowlers, trilbies, flat caps etc. Unlike the fez which has no brim and can therefore be worn when praying in a mosque, the new style of headgear had peaks or brims and so could not be worn at prayer.
nah mate, you are confused...maybe the majority of people likes fair beauty but not all...tht depends on personal choice..... . Normally, we humans like the opposite of we have, thts why we humans are never satisfied...India is a country where there are alot of people who are dark, so i guess they prefer something special, something different....i have no idea . maybe it is because of our fascination for fair things . or is it our inferiority complexfair is considered beauty everywhere- even black folk -
Do you want to send me a Christmas gift ? wow unbelievable . thanks . Merry Christmas to youOmar69SInce Dubai is not part of the USA it does not have a US Zip COde. THe USPS gives the following information:. Country Code: AE . . Areas Served: All . . http://www.answers.com/dubaipostal... system. In parts what is being dubbed as "New Dubai," or some parts of Dubai that range west from Sheikh Zayed Road to Jebel Ali Free Zone, the formal addressing system is: sector number, community number, street number and building number. In common practice, an address consists of: street number, building number and community name although the order may vary. For example:. . Street 1a, Villa 2. Umm Suqeim 3. Dubai, United Arab Emirates. . In older parts of Dubai (Deira, Bur Dubai), or what comprises Dubai City and the newer commercial/business area of Dubai, there are no street or sector addresses. Location is identified via building name and a landmark, which may very well mean that a person not familiar with or new to Dubai may be unable to find his/her destination. For example:. . Suite 803, City Tower 2. Opposite Emirates Hotel. Sheikh Zayed Road. Dubai, United Arab Emirates. . For tourists or recent settlers cabs are the best, albeit expensive, way to get around.. . The UAE happens to be one of those countries where there is no home postal delivery, with post office boxes used instead.. . . History of the postal system. A post office of British India was opened August 19, 1909. It used the stamps of India on mail, with postmark "Dubai Persian Gulf", until India's independence in 1947, then stamps of Pakistan until March 31, 1948. When Pakistan came into existence, the British government set up a postal administration for Eastern Arabia and used overprinted British stamps until January 7, 1961, when Dubai issued its own stamps inscribed "Trucial States". Despite the name, these were only on sale in Dubai's post office.. . The Dubai Post Department took over the postal service on June 14, 1963 and the following day issued a series of stamps depicting sea life, views of Dubai, and Sheikh Maktoum bin Rashid Al Maktoum. This was the opening salvo of a barrage of stamp issues over the next few years. The emirate discovered that stamp collectors were willing to give it money for colored labels with "Dubai" printed on them, and by the time the postal system was merged with those of other emirates in mid-1972, it had issued over 400 stamps, few of which ever saw usage on mail."http://www.answers.com/dubaiNo Postal Code Here,. Just P.O.Box Numbers.. . Besides, Now A Days A Lot Of People Use UPS, DHL, ARAMEX, . Etc. To Send Their Parcels.. . . Ithere aint any postal code for dubai..only P.O.Box numbers for individuals or companies.there is no zip code or pincode system in UAEthere are no zip code in UAEThis person named NOT PERFECT uses a lot of words, but tells you nothing but bullsh** (as if only USA has postal codes lol). . . The country zipcode of the United Arab Emirates is UAE.. . Indeed, Dubai has postal codes. But it has many differents codes, all depending on the area/city within Dubai.. . Also, Dubai is not only the name of one of the 7 emirates, it is also the name of the main city of that emirate. And within Dubai City, the postal codes relate to specific parts of the city.. . Sorry, I can therefore not answer your question, as the code depends on the address. But maybe the Customer Service of the Emirates Main Post Office can help you out: custservice@emiratespost.ae. . good luck!
Weather will be wonderful...Perfect concert weather; "superboulous, excellentemunto"The weather seldom varies.  Temp. in the 80's ,rain in the morning .or  occasionally all day. Generally pleasant.Gah... I am so jealous, it's beyond words. Hawaii and U2??
hey listen bro, i was in alex last year for a year, two things here, whats ur intention here. If you here to mess around with her then forget  it. Because  as i understand it Egyptians especially alexandrians dont like rich gulfies messing around with their daughters. I've heard enough curses already. I even heard a guy get killed for it. I u want to get married there's plenty of nice attractive alexandrians but take it from me brother dont even think about it. Rich gulfies have a bad rep as it is, dont make it worse.  Dont be seedy and hang out like some of the other guys that come from the gulf ithna saif and pick up some poor egyptian girl for a couple of guineas at the army depot area and leave their loyal virgin wife at home with beautiful kids. Pls bro dont do it. Taqq illah.it will be much better if u looked 4 a girl in ur area arab gu.. to be ur gf!!I take it you mean a whore, not a real girlfriend?  We should get that straight first.BRO.... if u mean whore...try to search anywhere... while if u mean for love i wanna tell u  a  secret that we r egyptian dont like arabian from gulf so if u honest girl to love u(thats vvvvv hard) it will depend on ur luck...coz i think the girl who will accept u will accept it for ur money gulf guy....Look under the burkasDo you think Egypt is a whore-house ?. I can say lots of things to you, I will try to be as nice as possible.. It is better if you look for a wife , one whose relationship is permitted by Allah , "Do you know him ? Allah?''. As for the girl-friend thing .....we don't have that in Egypt . Maybe you are used to it where you come from but we don't have it.So you guys deserve to die.. I'm not Egyptian but I'm telling you that you're kind of people that get killed fast in countries like Egypt.. for God's sake why would you ask such question if you have a wife at home..Its EgyptiAn. . If you're stationed there, you will find one without help from us here at Yahoo Answers.  Most Egyptian women are Muslim.  If you are not, that could represent a problem for you.
usually motels are only one level and cheaper.you walk out of a hotel room and youre in a hallway. a motel has rooms that go outside.hotel roxxxor motel soxxxer? GET IT?i dont knoTraditionally, motels are hotels where you can drive your car right up to the door of your room, making it more convenient. The really nice places are always hotels, rather than motels.A ho tell everthin she knows.
Take the train from Romford to London Liverpool Street.. Then take the Circle or Hammersmith and City line underground to Paddington.. Then the Heathrow Express train to Heathrow.. . OR a cheaper but longer route:. . Train to Liverpool Street.. Central Line to Holborn. Piccadilly line to HeathrowDepends how long you wanna wait .If you can get to Stanstead from Romford catch the Airport bus to Heathrow. Better still get a mate to drive you - round the M25.If you have a lot of luggage and/or a bit more time on your hands, take the coach to Victoria station (London), and then a coach to Heathrow.. . Otherwise, Take the train to (London) Liverpool Street, then take the red Central line to Holburn to switch to the blue Piccadilly line to the end of the line at Heathrow.Entirely agree with Neil M!There are many different ways. The route below minimises the walking distance at interchanges.. . Take a train from Romford (sorry, I cannot avoid the walk up to the viaduct!) to Stratford. From Stratford take a Central Line train (should be the same platform) to Mile End. From the opposite side of the platform at Mile End, take a District Line train to Hammersmith. (In the very unlikely event of the train going to Wimbledon, change at Earls Court.) At Hammersmith, from the opposite side of the platform, take the Piccadilly Line to Heathrow.. . Including interchanges, allow 2 hours from the time you board the train at Romford to get to the concourse of Heathrow Airport.central line to holborn, picadily to heathrowGet a cab you tight wadI agree with Neil except change for the Central Line at Stratford.  You only need to walk across the platform there.
know what you want before hand  and be specific so you can cancel out quite a bucnch then have a few to go through  :D. .  hope this helpsI know what you mean! I'd say buy whatever you think would entertain you for the longest time. For example, I'm buying a video game for my friend for Christmas instead of, say, a DVD, because it would entertain longer than a DVD which he would watch once, and probably never watch again.. . Also, avoid luxury items that would just sit there, and have no use. I spent $40 on posters once, and by the time I recieved them in the mail 5 days later, I didn't even like them anymore and I wished that I hadn't wasted my cash on decorations. . . Make sure you get a good quality for your money.you shop till you drop!. and hopefully get it right...!
you cant dial 0800 from a mobile - that's why it didn't work.it won,t work on a mobile mate. it only works on a landline and on certain days.. . good luck
learn spanishTry these websites, they are both great forums for expats living in Spain. Post a message on them similar to your message here. Maybe someone will reply that is living near you and also want to make friends or they can advise you. Or you may see a message on there that someone else has posted.. Good luck xgo to the bars&churches,sit in the park go fishing,know how you feel, had same experience, i made an met friends in the local irish an english bars, ps it can take time, good luck
You can send it by rail. You may contact Railway Goods Terminal in Chennai.through courrierIn India I would answer you just need to pay for the tank refill because labor is unbelievably cheap.Pls contact Southern Road Ways, which is a subsidary of TVS Group.Follow the following steps:. . 1.Fill petrol... 2.Start the car... 3.Drive towards kanpur..Best would be to send it by truck of a reputed transport company ........
none of the above answers!. . A double room has 1 double bed (prob what you are looking for if its you and your husband)  and a twin is usually 2 singles, although can also be 2 doubles in a fancy hotel.Funny, you asked this question.. Double room = One bed suitable for two person to sleep.. Twin room =     Two bed spaced apart. Each bed only suitable .                           for one person to sleep.twin bad & siprit bedDouble usually means 2 double beds. Twin means 2 twin beds? Never heard of it and I have worked in hospitality for over 5 years.....Double Room Is  A Double Beds Room, And Twin Room Is 2 Bedrooms.Good question, i think a double has one like king bed, but twin i think they are single beds. i donno just guesiingdouble bed stands for that there is one big bed. . twin room is that there is two seperate beds
I've always had good luck with travel agents. They have many choices for you to compare. Plan far ahead.Here is the Cheap International Plane Tickets. You comaire the offers between different compnies and book online. Choose the one which complete your requirments,. http://cheap-airlines-tickets.blogspot.com/The cheapest way I know of is to be flexible.  Try to avoid traveling during the busy tourist season. This may mean sacrificing warm weather, but then again, you're apt to find less crowds.  Fly during the week if you can. Weekend fares tend to be much higher.  Also research what other cities are near your area of interest.  In planning a trip to Germany, I originally wanted to fly to Berlin.  I found that Frankfurt was much less expensive.  I can still travel to Berlin by train and save.Call the airlines and see if they have any promotions and while you're at that ask for the rate for the date you are traveling.  Also compare websites such as expedia.com, orbitz.com, travelocity.com too see how much their rate are.  You can also try this website www.cheapescapade.com, they sometimes have good deals and specials on flights and their rate are usually equal or lower than the other mentioned websites.It helps if you live closeby to a major hub. International fares are always less when you're flying direct from airports like LAX, Chicago O'Hare, or New York JFK.
You obviously complain about it because you've never directly been involved in an emergency situation, and no doubt you've never seen how other countries train systems work either. Other cities have trains every 5 -10 min where in London they try to bring off peak trains to about 3mins so that you dont have to squeeze, maybe one day you'll fall ill at a platform and then if you dont get attended because you too late to go home the don't ask why...Over privileged spoiled Nancy Brits moaning!. I'm from Africa, where people get thrown out off moving trains, or stabbed and left to bleed to death, simply for a cellphone and a cheap wristwatch!. People overcrowd, sometimes up 10, yes 10, believe it, in a single car, to get to work, because public transport is so unsafe, and you complain about a freaking delay after a football match!. You could have caught a Night bus!. As an African in London, I find the public transport to be very good, and I wish that my family back home could travel as safely as I do here.Well this is a bit of a hard one really. It not Lu fault that someone was taken ill and not their fault Arsenal were playing football at the same time. I guess if you were taken ill it would be a different story. I also guess that the person who was taken ill was not that happy about it either. Lets have a bit of love and understanding here. . You also have to remember LU has not had a significant amount of money spent on it for years so it is old and dilapidated and needs money and one of the ways of getting revenue is to raise the fairs. . Then again I am not a fan of LU but in this instance I think you are being a little selfish.IF IT HAD BEEN Y O U  WHO HAD FALLEN ILL and was being looked after by trained staff YES, TRAINED STAFF WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT until the ambulance arrived, the boot would have been on the other foot alright then, wouldn't it !!! SO BEFORE YOU START YOUR LOUD-MOUTHING about how shitty you think the Underground is, spend a moment thinking about that one, and while you're thinking, you can just surmise  what people are thinking about your use of the English language regarding your spelling, grammar and word usage.. By the way, how long did you have to wait - was it ALL OF FIFTEEN MINUTES until they could get the person off the train at Turnpike Lane or was it a few minutes more before they could restore the service? EITHER WAY, YOU BLAME THE UNDERGROUND FOR THE DELAY WHEN IT WAS NO FAULT OF THEIRS AT ALL.. If you knew anything about dealing with medical emergencies you'd know that there are SOME "casualties" that can't be moved without proper equipment.. Perhaps the next time you have an accident and fall and break your neck or back and somebody just grabs hold of you and drags you out of their way and in so doing cause you so much damage that you'll never be able to walk again, we all hope you won't complain because they didn't delay some people just coming out of a football match.It's what happens if you're an Arsenal supporter, I'm afraid.i like fairs, hate paying the tube fare to get there thoughIn Russia, it's 10p to use the tube, which runs on time through clean and well decorated stations.  We have a lot to learn.The London underground is not a load of shxit. It is one of the most respected rail net works in the world. And acknowledged as such by surveys carried out by foreign countries. In fact the whole of the London Transport system has even outvoted NYC, Madrid, Paris as being the best in the world.. . Sorry that you had a bad experience last night and I just glad I was not there too. But in the grand scheme of things what you had to put up with is minor don't you think?Unfortunately, cruel deficit of local toilets
In styrofoam with dry ice.The pizzle I buy for my dog is hard and dry, sold on a cardboard flat, wrapped in plastic.  Any decent-sized shipping envelope should be plenty large enough.. . Pizzle is dried bull's wang, and is sold as a dog-treat.  Maybe you are talking about something else...
Damn, the only plain i've heard about was the plain white cheese on my bread......How does a plain fly do what?Plains don't fly, but planes do.  The forward momentum and tilt of the wing creates lift under the wing.Lower surface pressure on the top of the wing surface. . Higher pressure on the bottom. Creates liftthis should be an interesting article for you to read if you may want ? it would not let me copy it .sorry . here is the link if you would like to click on it to read it ?. http://www.eweek.org/site/DiscoverE/activities/airplane.pdf. check the right side of the article , it is very informative and it will help you out ........))i dont know what a PLAIN is , but i do know what a PLANE is. and i know how it flies. it has an engine duh!!
Its 5.34 pm here in NZI checked the time using my computer's set time function.  It's 8:35 PM Sunday in LA and 5:35 PM Monday in NZ.  I was surprised to see that New Zealand was only three hours behind the Pacific time zone - plus a day.  Since it's summer down under, maybe they are observing daylight savings time.16 hoursWell I think its an 10 hour time difference. Right now its(November 5th) 8:42 PM in LA and it is (November 6th)5:42 PM in New Zealand.Los Angeles is about 50 years ahead of New Zealand.DavidNH is correct - we're currently 21 hours ahead of LA, having started Daylight Saving on Oct 1st. (Can't think why, weather's been too DISGUSTING to want to be out in the evenings in Auckland, and it's SNOWED in Southland and Otago this week...)
A lemur is usually nocturnal. It also has to do with how many teeth they have, lemurs have more.not  too muchThey do not belong to the same species. Lemurs are rare on our planet and live in Madagascar. It is beleived that they are the ancestors of the monkeys, but look up in an encyclopedia, have a look at a few pictures, they're real cute
You just got to expect NO!!!!!!!!!!! GIFTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I went to South Field which is 15 min drive cause its also right next to my fave restaurant Jacks Sprat it's on the beach they sell seafood & pizza they also have movie Thursday they play movies all night.I think that you will have fun on the 24th it's called grand market where people go shopping and party all night and they do not leave until 6:00 in the morning it's in the town Junction .And one last thing you should go to the south feaild christmas tree lighting and it is close to Treasure Beach your welcome anytime .it is going to be awesome!! The night before there will be a Grand Market, an all night festival/party that will go on until Christmas morning. This will be in the town. It will be amazing.. . I hope you will enjoy your stay here.it is going to be fun as long as you know your way around the island like i doo lol. since i am a fellow jamaican and all well it is on of the most celebrated olydayn in jamaica so enjoy and if you have any questions just as me o.k and i think you would love. . lucky you i am in the staes and i don't even know if i am going home this dhristmas
If you've got 12 digits already, you only need to add 011.. . O11 - international code frome USA. 90  - country code for Turkey. xxx - city code. xxx xx xx - individual's phone numberYou dial the international access code 011, country code, city (area) code and number.  Turkey's country code is 90.  The number you have may already have that on there.  Otherwise, it may start with 0.  If the number you have starts with 0, drop it, and just dial the rest of the number.  . . 011-90- area code and numberIf it starts with 011- ... then that's it. The international access code is 011-then a country code-then a city code-then a number.
Check the wether websites frndits in the seventys during the day a bit chill ay night enjoy your stay!!!The weather is lovely! nice and warm.. Enjoy your visit!http://www.weather.com/outlook/travel/businesstraveler/local/ISXX0010. .  TODAY'S WEATHER for Jerusalem, Israel  . Travel Smart: Flights & Business Travel > TODAY'S WEATHER for Jerusalem, Israel . Yesterday . Today. Current Radar Hour-by-Hour Weekend 10-Day Month. . Right Now for. Jerusalem, Israel. Save this Location. . . Weather for your life. . . Fair . 61°F. Feels Like. 61°F. Updated Nov 30 08:50 a.m. Local Time. . UV Index: 1 Low. Wind: From E at 3 mph. Humidity: 39%. Pressure: 30.03 in.. Dew Point: 36°F. Visibility: 6.2 miles. Scroll down for satellite map.   Videoas of 8:50 am in Jerusalem, it is about 61 degrees Fahrenheit.... . you can get long range forecasts from weather.com. . L'hitraot  (see you soon!!). . Shalom!!We're supposed to be in the winter but it's still hot in here (Haifa). I'm not from Jerusalem but I know it's hot during the day and cold during the night. At least this is how the weather has been all week long. Don't wear anything warm during the day but take a jacket or something in case it changes. They say it's going to be a bit colder this weekend.
All inclusive = all food (and some drink) included. . Half-board = breakfast and dinner only, usually no drinks includedBed and Breakfast is soley your breakfast. . Half Board is two means - ordinarily your breakfast and evening meal and soft drinks/tea/cofee with these meals. . Full Board is all of your meals and drinks. . All Inclusive is all meals and drinks including alcohol [usually the local alchol] plus any acitivites and sports which the hotel runs. . If you have kids it's probably best to go all inclusive so you don't have to fork out for extras for them, but if it's just you and your partner than half-board is a good option as you are not tied to the hotel waiting for your meals each day... . Source: I go on holiday a lot and just got back from a half-board holiday to Mauritius.I don't knowHalf board is only bed, breakfast and lunch but all in..is bed, breakfast, lunch, dinner and as much liquids as you can drink!!!With all inclusive you pay for your food and drinks effectively before you go on your holiday. Some resorts / hotels let you have all drinks free some will specify just local beers wines and spirits so you may get charged for famous name brands of spirits if they are imported. The main difference to consider is do you expect to be at the resort/hotel all day every day, if you are going out on excursions or travelling round and are not there for meals etc all the time half board may suit you better.all inclusive means just that, everything paid for up frontAll inclusive means you get the works,, breakfast,Lunch and dinner,,half board means you get a stale bread roll and a cup of rotten coffeeHalf board - normally means bed, breakfast and evening meal.. while All Inclusive pretty much mean everything. although in most cases drinks are included, although you are restricted to local drinks (wine and beer etc). Soft drinks are normally included.. Thus meaning - Breakfast, Lunch, Afternoon Tea (sandwiches), evening meal.The answer is in your question love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!full board is allmeals breakfast lunch dinner. half board is breakfast dinnerall inclusive is when you pay for your meals and drinks in one go either before or after u go on ur hols n half board is when u only get breakfastHalf board holidays include breakfast and evening meal.. All Inclusive means exactly what it says ie that all meals, snacks, etc including beverages, drinks  (check the brochure to see what drinks they include) are included.Half board - Breakfast & dinner included. All Inclusive - all meals, snacks, local drinks includedall inclusive holidays means that all your drinks and meals are included. Half board means just breakfast and lunch or dinner are included.Half board= bed breakfast and one main meal.. All inclusive= sever liver damageHalf board usually includes;bed,breakfast & evening meal(sometimes with wine if you're lucky). All inclusive usually includes;as above but with lunch and locally produced beer, wines & spirits usually for a set period e.g. 10am until midnightall inclusive includes all meals and drinks where as half board includes just breakfast and dinner
The reason is simple.  Bangalorians are proud about their city and never think on the negative side.  So politicians sleep and do nothing for the development of BangaloreThe govt is trying to save power and resources.  As u said there is heavy traffic there and anyway the vehicles will be switching on their hi beam headlights.  so why waste money installing street lights?
They do exist.  They're called The Ghetto, The O.C., etc.  lol.Japanesetown is in California.  Mexican town  Detroit, MI  Arab town Dearborn, MI   Greek town Detroit, MI  Vietnamese, MN  (that's all I can think of off the top of my head) but there's a place for everyone.  Why?  Because we like to eat and shop so these are places where these people choose to settle.It depends on where you are at, usually they are considered "Quarters", the LAtin Quarter, the Jewish Quarter ..etc .. it's based on how many "immigrants" settled that area.In the West Coast area, Chinese immigrants were brought here in large numbers in the 1800's to work on the railroads.  Because of racial prejudice, there were laws and covenants that prevented them from living just anywhere, so their choices of residence were pretty limited. There were limitations on where they could rent living space and rules about their ability to purchase land or property.  Thus they tended to be grouped in a fairly well-defined area. . . Other immigrant groups weren't necessarily brought over here en mass like the Chinese were, and thus didn't necessarily settle in one area, although the tendency with any immigrant group is to live close to one another.  Also true: with European immigrant groups (i.e., Russian, German, Scandinavian, etc.), once they learned the English language, could assimilate better than groups like the Chinese or Koreans that were racially dissimilar to the Caucasian-descended Americans that formed the core of American citizenry.  Most other racial groups faced greater difficulties and until the 20th Century, could find themselves facing laws that pretty much forced them to live in specific areas.. . Here in Los Angeles, we have a Chinatown, "Little Saigon" area where a lot of Vietnamese have settled, Koreatowns, and even an area that's primarily ethinic Ethiopian.  . . BTW, if anyone is interested, the docent-guided tour at the California State Railroad Museum gives an excellent account of the Chinese contribution to the commerce and economy of the West, and some of the history of discrimination they faced out here.  I highly recommend the museum for anyone interested in railroading and the docent-guided tour is absolutely fabulous.
by teleportation. If not . fell from the skyI'm not sure, but I think the time U.S brought it with them. the soldiers came into Korea to protect the country during 1945, and used old-telephones to communicate and stuff... Or did the japanese did?Bush brought it with him....this way he can call them up and tell them when to set off the next nuke.Korean had telephones as the same way as you have in your country.. . Hey, they have brain to inventing things. duh!
Not sure but one thing is true, it's a beautiful area with easy access to all the best castles and fishing. I've spent many a happy holiday in the log cabins there. I should have bought one when I had a chance.. . PS/ the fish and chip shop in Dunkeld is great.No idea but let me knowIm afraid i dont know, im also very puzzled how the wee village FISHCROSS in Cental Scotland got its name.. . . not too sure about "Butterstone" but I think Scotland got its name from a Mel Gibson film - something to do with blue make-up and a skirt . . .
drinking! eating chicken wings.  go to jims steakout after a night of drinking-yumclubs, hangin out with brother, movies, drinkinthey have great shows at the executive hotel over on genevese stNot much except drink.  Its pretty depressing there, but I think there are hockey games sometimes and I think the strip is now on Chippewea St.
You realize a lot of Confucian ideals were lost during the cultural revolution, industrial revolution, and especially in the younger generation?  But top 3 from my outsider's viewpoint:  (1) acceptance of one's lot in life, the idea that the set order should not be challenged or changed, (2) seeking balance and harmony physically, mentally, spritutally, and socially, (3) stratification of social relationships for instance younger lower than elder and women lower than men.  (Purely opinion!)I would love to write a dissertation on that, but space is limited and I am not such a great story writer, so why don't you check that site for a decent overview of confucianism on China's past and present. Most Chinese will not understand you if you ask them about Confucious, as his real name is K'ung Fu Tzu.
Hi  nick  , here  is  the  link  to  the  "Ausw?rtiges  Amt  " of   Germany . You  can  get all  info's about  your visa  questions . . http://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/diplo/en/WillkommeninD/EinreiseUndAufenthalt/Visabestimmungen.html. . I wish  you  and  your  Family  good  LuckGet a job with the Department of Defense...army, airforce.....you'll get sponsorship but the US Government and can stay in the country as long as you have the employment......Or you could just become a German Citizen and be done.get a residency permit. that's what i'm getting when i move there. mine will only be temporary since i'm just going for a year. but that should get you some time to gather what you need to be a permanent resident.You will not get a correct answer on this forum....contact the German Authorities and ask that question for a correct answer !!!!If your son is in the military, he can declare you an dependent and you don't need a visa, you can stay as long as he is stationed in Germany.A german girlfriend would not make any difference. Only if you are married to a WORKING german you can stay automaticly.. You have to apply for a residenspermit and a workpermit.. I don't want to scare you, but be aware of some hard times concerning running around, doing paperwork and finding a job.. Good Luck!Catch a Ryan Air flight to Stanstead, England, spend the night there, and then come back. The flight can be very cheap. I just flew to England and back for 98 Euro. . . Don't you just have to leave for a day?. . http://www.ryanair.com
I certainly hope you wouldn't  be teaching punctuation, spelling, or capitalization.  Perhaps a brush-up before you go?Go home (US) with the 3,000 and get a degree in the US first.go to Morccoyeah, teaching there is cool i hear. really. better than the less developed places to teach. . . check out the more rural towns to teach in (around Kyoto). they will be more easy going and accepting no matter who you are, and much cheaper to live in than Osaka and Kyoto. the Japanese are awesome.
As Oracle has pointed out it is advisable to check in 2 hours before the flight.  Any later and you risk loosing your booking.  I always check in about 3 hours before the flight - that gives me the opportunity to discuss any special problems or requests that I may have.Definately 2 hours!I would suggest that you follow the rule and be at least two hours before you departure. If you go to http://www.tsa.gov/ they show the guidelines on traveling and how much time to allow at the airport.  The last thing you want to do is miss your flight!you should check-in at least 2 to 3 hrs before your scheduled flight to avoid delays and inconvenience on your part..You should be at the airport to chek-in with 2 hours to spare. If you are late, I would imagine you need at least 40 minutes to check your bags and get through security. However, if you get at the airport and the airline is busy they might tell you that you didnt arrive there early enough (30 minutes or less before departure). I would get there with plenty of time to avoid a bad start to your trip.it takes 2 hours to screen all baggage going to his destinationi fly international quite often and the least amount of time they will allow is 2 hours. If you show up late the airline can have you taken off the flight so dont be silly and delay. go, check in and have time to have a coffee or drink before boarding. relax in the lounge rather than show up late and possibly not fly at allit depends on the airlineI checked in once on a charter flight within twenty minutes of departure and they let me get on, mainly because the plane didn't arrive an hour after it was supposed to be leaving. LOL:). . DON'T TRY THIS AT HOME.
The issue in Northern Ireland is political not religious. The media, who is always looking for short cuts and not the whole story, calls the participants Catholics and Protestants.. . The conflict is about whether the British territory (probably the wrong word) of Northern Ireland should remain British or should become part of Ireland. . . The majority of people in Ireland are Catholics. The majority of people in England and Northern Ireland are Protestants. There are actually Catholics and Protestants on either side.. . The terrorists on either side if the issue are not Christian in any sense of the word.. . With love in Christ.Ask to the KKKIt's an outsiders' mistake to think the problem is about 'Catholics and Protestants'. The disagreement is about whether Ireland remains part of the UK or becomes part of the Irish Republic, not religion. Anyway, despite the lack of a lasting agreement there has not been any serious 'fighting' for about ten years; most of the violence now is within each community.
They fly into the jet stream, a series of air currents that go around the world in a similar way to ocean currents do, that way they use less fuel, and can fly faster. The jet stream is why it takes less time to fly to Europe from the US than the other way round, they mostly flow west to east. Flying higher also means less sound pollution on the ground. I'd imagine aircraft also fly higher because the air is thinner the higher you go, which means there is less resistance, though I don't know for certain.... . Airlines don't give parachutes because most people don't know how to use them, and plus you'd have lots of injured survivers scattered over maybe hundreds of miles.when they fly higher the air is thinner and is easier to push threw the air i guess.  umm and they dont have enough room for parachuets it would take up alot of space and if you need them most lilkly you wouldnt beable to get out of the airplane in time and even if you did you would get hit by the exuest and that would hurt you really bad or kill you so there is no reason for parachuetsi feel the same way. whenever i am in a plane i get the fright. but rest assure everything goes well. and they do offer parachutes...its under the seat. dont worry, you will be fine.At high altitudes the atmosphere is thinner, giving less aerodynamic resistance to the aircraft.  Jet engines operate very efficiently at altitudes up to 35000 feet because of the cold air temperature.. . A parachute will do you no good at 35000 feet without full oxygen and warm clothes for the trip down, assuming you could safely exit a commercial plane while at that altitude, which you can not.if they fly that high they do not have to face atmospheric disturbances and save heavily on fuel and that at good speedsBecause there is less wind resistance so they save fuel and it takes them less time.#1 To conserve Fuel.. #2 So there is more Room for Flying long Distances. #3 to Keep from Running into Small Planes that can not Fly as High.
So that the people in the Plane ,aren't the last thing you see.This is not something that I have ever heard of... and I have been employed by an airline for several years.  Guess it depends on the airline.I fly 2-3 times a month throughout the U.S. and at times out of the country and have never heard of this.  I've never been told to open or close the shades during landing/takeoff or any other time - if it's daytime and the plane has an overhead movie screen we are asked to close the shade for clearer viewing - but it's only a suggestion from the flight attendant.  :)you do only if you;re seated in the exit row. Its so you can see if there are flames beofre you yank open the emergency doorfor people to be aware of the situation outside in case something bad happens. for example, if an accident happens when landing, you will see if there is an fire before openning the exit door or jumping into the flames.In case there is an "issue"-you don't want to be in the dark if the lighting fails and you might want to see where the huge flames or rescue crews are outside!
you have differnt schools its not like grades 5-8 ya know?  the education there is better too but the science isnt.Before you enter The 5th grade you must take a test to get into a school called a collage. Then you stay in that school until high school is over. The french schools teach more excelled academics such as in Math Social Studies French Grammer Science and in Learning other languages such as Italian, English,or other. They are very good schools.The education system is different in France than in the US - no one takes education for granted and people work a lot harder.  There is more competition to get into the best schools and you are resigned to a life of low paying jobs or being on the doll if you do not excel. . The government regulates all licenses and accreditation of graduates.. . Frech schools are more advanced for math and science research - because they do not have the government telling them they cannot do something all the time.. . My husband is French he got a doctorate in France - undergrad in law and economics for the restOne thing you can be sure of - you will end up with a better grasp of French grammar than you have of English.
I'm from Sydney...The word OZ is short for Australia i.e. Oz-tralia, so we are called aussies (ozzies) for short not OZ.We made it easy for you to spell and besides in sport all Aussie,s are Wizards of OZ.Cause its similar to australia (aus=oz)The first syllableJohn B, at least we can spell "their".. . Oz...because it is a mythical utopia, or because it was a prison colony like 'Oz'Not Australians, Australia. Short for Aussie (which is short for Australia), just spelt more phonetically. Oz. It's not named for Baum's creation, and it's got nothing to do with an American TV series about a prison!. (And I think John B meant "...they're too thick..."; is the pot calling the kettle black?)Actuallly Aussies are called OZ as some people could not pronounce aussies and called them Oz thats why they are calledoz"They" don't call Australians Oz. Or at least, Australians don't call Australians Oz. We call ourselves Aussies (short for Australians), and I was under the impression that other countries called us by this name too.. . I would be interested in hearing what countries are calling us "Oz"!because thier to thick to spell AustralianPersonally, I think it comes from Americans......... they pronounce it ''Oztralia'' instead of Australia........ no harm meant, but that's personally how I hear they pronounce things ....... I prefer to be called an Aussie - and spelt that way too! Unlike my fiance who spells it Auzzie and I get VERY annoyed!! hahaha.FrankL Baum wrote a book about another land , a dream land on the other side of the world in another reality since the aborgines have dreams like that and the country is on the other side of the world away from the rest they call it OZOkay...in Australia there is lots of slang words, these are called "colloquialisms" and every country has them.  These days though these words are becoming more universal though I have to say that some will only ever be heard in Australia.... . Basically this is where one word is rhymed with another or shortened, the spelling is changed or whatever.  Australia is full of slang words...dosh=cash, dead horse=tomato sauce, iffy=questionable, arvo=afternoon, ac=airconditioner, septic tank=an american...just to name a few..... . To arrive at Oz Im guessing that Aussie, sounds a little like Ozzie and then it was shortened.  Its rather appropriate given that Australia is considered to be a little like the Emerald City in that it is a far away, mythical place where most people only dream of going.  Of course to modern day terms...Australia was a prison colony just like the Ozwald Penetentary in the HBO series Oz...
1 hire a car.  I get mine from www.doyouspain.com.  Quite cheap and good cars.  You may have to return to Malaga but maybe drop off at Alicante?  The coast road N340 takes you right there.. 2 I think the railway runs right up the coast from there but not 100% sure.. Good luck.The most direct way would be to strap yourself to a rocket after having calculated the trajectory and flight path required. I'm afraid I don't know of a more direct route.You can get a flight from Malaga.  I think Spanair fly there.  You can get a coach too but it will take agesMost direct way is to drive, nothing is ever straightforward in Spain, to get a coach or train will take forever and a day, as not a direct route, plane will be expensive as all internal flights are, car will take about 6-7 hours from Malaga to Alicante.. . The railway doesn't run stright along the coast, for example, in Torrevieja, there is no railway link at all, this is why i say it won;t be a direct route, coach will take for ever as will zig zag tooplane works, the bus is another optionThe best way is by car.  All the rest will take more time.Try the train www.renfe.es . You can get the site in English too.... Also try this site www.andalucia.com on their forums are lots of expats who probably do this journey and have lots of good recomendations.You can take a renfe train, but it takes ten hours.  Look at www.renfe.es.. . Buen Viaje
If you are holding a valid residence visa of Dubai, you can travel to Oman without a visa.  Otherwise you have to obtain a visa prior to enter Oman.i think there is just one: if u have a visa you have to cancell it before goin across the border and if u dont havev one you have to pay 2 Riyals or 20 dhirhams
go to Inspired Travel @ http://www.ytb.com/janeen and book Ur reservation there.... they have great rates....i dont really know about munich but my son got cheap flights from preswick to amsterdam for 4 99 return on the internet.cheapflights.com will tell you where you could find the cheapest flight. go here  http://www.cheapflights.co.uk/book-flights-online.aspx?prodNo=1 to find the cheapest flight during the date you wish to travelryanair doesnt go to munich but it does go to salburg. From salzburg you can get a bus to munich. That will work out much cheaper than getting adirect flight from munichThere are some really good sites and I have used them often.. . They are listed below - so go on - give em a go!
buy ticket online or over phone. use their name but all ur info on paying for the bill. just be sure you have their name as it appears on the license bc that is what they check against when boarding.Contact ticket agent or airline and give his/her name as the passenger. Have it mailed to them or arrange for them to pick up at airline desk.
you will find out in a short time island life is slowthe action is down by the beach all the stores and malls are there full of tourist ,Last time I was there, SCUBA, boonie stomping (hiking in to see some of the waterfalls that most tourists never see, snorkling the Piti bomb craters or if you're into golf--going around to the West side of the island to the golf course.. . Can't say much about nightlife, as I spent most of my time either working or diving.. . Highly recommend Micronesian Divers for dive trips--nice boats, friendly people.Its kinda like Vegas...  . . What happens in Guam   . . . Stays in Guam !!!!
All inclusive...all meals included. . Half board...just evening meal i think..(not sure if breakfast is included)With all inclusive EVERYTHING is paid for within the holiday ie: drinks, meals, lunch dinner, alcohol and its all included. With half board you pay for drinks ie: alcohol, and you usually get breakfast and an evening meal, but no afternoon meal. but it depends, some say only breakfast.All inclusive holidays are holidays that where you don't need to provide anything. All inclusive includes room, food (usually 3 meals a day) and any necessary entertainment that you sign up for..  Half board holidays are holidays where you are provide a room, however, you need to provide food and necessary entertainment for yourself.All inclusive means everything included i.e all food and drinks.. Half board means bed, breakfast and evening meals. Hope this helps.all inc means that you get all your food drink etc 4 nowt.half board means you get breaky and evening mealAll inclusive means you have to wear a band round your wrist for the duration of the holiday, you can only drink local booze and you end up living on chips, burgers and other junk food through the day but you daren't leave the hotel complex in case you have to spend some money!. . Half board is where you just have breakfast and dinner at the hotel. No drinks included.half board  !!  you get poisoned slower !!. All inclusive ?  you get poisoned quicker  - BUT you dont give a monkeys  because you will be too drunk to bother !!
Because their time clock stopped in the 70's and that only shows how backward they are!that's just so condescending. better not take that with the UP peopleAccording to the Leftist Socialist Groups, Philippines up to this day have the same problems since the 1970's and even goes back to the Spanish times.  Not much has changed in terms of politics and culture.. . Actually I do agree with them that the Philippines has the same problems BUT I do not subscribe to their principles or idealism.  In fact I do not like the idea of them joining the Philippine Congress which in the first place they labeled as "evil" or a "corrupt institution".  I would rather see them protesting in the streets with zeal than become Congressmen/women and become accomplices or part of a "corrupt" institution.Our country is blessed by many bright and talented students. And I wish they will use their brains in a more worthwhile activities. Activities that will promote peace, unity, technology  and  help improve the situation in the Philippines. Instead of feeding  and filling up  their minds with ideologies which I believe is not doing any good. If there is any one out there that could cite any positive contribution of this ideologies to our country, speak up. I strongly believe there is none.The "leftist ideology" still exists in the present and is actually thriving in many parts of the world--namely Western Europe and some parts of South America.  It's time to update your reading material buddy.EXCUSE ME!. we are not!they are the so called scholar ng bayan they fight for the country when they are still young when they graduate and work on the systems they become the most intelligent robbers of the country,
call animal control or Ace Ventura Pet detectiveIt's very simple you know, you got 3 ways to do it.. . 1. If you know it's harmless, then do it urself. . 2. If it is dangerous, how on earth haven't you called for help as of yet? Call Animal/Pet Control and quick. . 3. Spread the word in your neighbourhood, someone might be able to help you out. . 4. Sponsor me a ticket and visa (i'll do it for u lol)Try phoning the zoo in whichever city you are in. They usually have qualified people who could come out and capture the snake.. . Plus, they will not harm the snake and will treat it humanely unlike some animal control agencies.. . The Pretoria zoo did this for me once.try calling brad....he believes he was a kickboxerNot really a travel question.. . Call Animal Control.Sweep it out gently with a broom. Just wear glasses or goggles in case you have a spitting cobra. Otherwise phone the SPCA in your town they normally have contacts who collect snakes.I have kept many house snakes in the past, they are nothing to be afraid of.  Most of them are pretty docile, you could probably pick it up without it getting upset.  My advice is to take an empty pillow slip and coax the snake into it.  Then tie an knot in the top and take it somewhere safe to release it.Oh you are lucky! i would love to find a snake in my house. Hmm, so the best thing to do would be to call an animal specialist to come and remove it. Don't attempt anything yourself. My friend found a snake in his house about 2 years ago lying in the sun by the pool. He called a specialist and after describing the snake, he was told that it is harmless and he could remove it himself. He told them to come because he didn't wanna touch it and when they arrived and saw the snake they told him he was lucky not to have touched it seeing as it was a very dangerous snake. My advice, don't take chances and get it removed asap before you have it's mate and eventually babies living with you!get rid of it.please get someone before you hurt or worse hurt it
It 's because all Philly-steaks and Philly cream cheeses are curiously shaped like bells. ( Or it could be that the Liberty Bell is on display in Philadelphia at Market and 5th Street)That's a good question!! I've always wondered that myself and I'm from Philly. I'm curious to hear what the answer is. I've been to most parts of the city and that symbol has been seen in other areas besides the Liberty Bell location.The liberty bell is a symbol for Philadelphia.  It's known all over the world!  I've only seen the liberty belll street signs in and around Old City...where the liberty bell is located.
Everyone is appreciated in the USA. It doesn't matter where you are from, everybody is a respected part of society. Many people in the USA are of French descent, especially in Louisiana.I'm French, from Brittany. . I've been staying in San Francisco Bay Area for some months and I had no problem at all.. . People are great there, patient, helpfull ... I even have some good friends there who are absolut Republican and fans of Bush and Schwarzenegger.. . (well I like Arnold too now  ..)They'll be fine to you. They speak bad of the french sometimes, but you'll find crowd mentality keeps them in check. In real life, they'll treat you as anyone else, unless you're accent is Heavy. Even then it won't be so bad unless you're incomprehensible. I doubt that. You'll be fine.You will find that most Americans will be very friendly. . . In fact, you may find the American habit of immediate informality and the presumption of close friendship disturbing. . . Most Americans have a negative view of the French government but my opinion is that Americans are less negative about the French Government than the French are about the American government. . . You will discover that Americans are less interested in politics and world affairs than are the French. Consequently, if you do not mention politics they will not.. . If you visit the United States and travel to areas other than the big cities you will find that many Americans have never met a Frenchman. In many small towns you will treated like a celebrity. . . Please come visit the United States. I believe that you will be pleasantly surprised by the goodness and hospitality of its people.The French do get respect here in the USA. But you know what when we go to Paris the people are very rude (in general). . Go outside of Paris and it is a different story altogether.. I have French friends here and they love it. . By the way I was born in la belle Belgique and the French do not like us either and vice versa , but I am a Yank now and not so proud of our politics. So Bon Soir!I think that we should learn about our world and about other cultures and France has alot of different cultures then from here!The French are treated well here in the US. It's too bad the reverse is not true. While it's improving, there is still a lot to be desired.
Actual cost of visit visa is AED 100.  You can not refund that if you does not need the visa. Travel agencies will not charge anything for reservation, until they issued the ticket.a visit visa cost dhs 100 and there is no refund of fees
Titicaca has an average depth of 107 m[2], and a maximum depth of 281 m. The western part of the lake belongs to the Puno Region of Peru, and the eastern side is located in the Bolivian La Paz Department.. Lake Titicaca is the highest commercially navigable lake in the world [1], at 3,812 m (12,507 feet) above sea level. Located in the Altiplano high in the Andes on the border of Peru and Bolivia, at 16°S 69°W,Lake Titicaca is the highest commercially navigable lake in the world, at 3,812 m (12,507 feet) above sea level. Located in the Altiplano high in the Andes on the border of Peru and Bolivia, at 16°S 69°W, Titicaca has an average depth of 107 m, and a maximum depth of 281 m.3,810m/12,500 ftCan't argue with the previous answers - 3810M above sea level but interestingly what no one else has mentioned is that Titicaca is a salt water lake - not fresh water. How do you get a salt water lake almost 4Km above sea level??g
For the same reason that England is also called Europe.Australasia is a term variably used to describe a region of Oceania: Australia, New Zealand, and neighbouring islands in the Pacific Ocean.. . The term was coined by Charles de Brosses in Histoire des navigations aux terres australes (1756). He derived it from the Latin for "south of Asia" and differentiated the area from Polynesia (to the east) and the southeast Pacific (Magellanica). It is also distinct from Micronesia (to the northeast).Australasia does not refer to the country, it refers to the continent and would included New Zealand and some islands as well as Australia!!Are you really that stupid??????It's not.  Australia is the name of a country, Australasia is the name of a region in Oceania (the others being Micronesia, Melanesia and Polynesia) which includes Australia, New Zealand and some other smaller islands.. . ***to everyone saying that Australia is part of the continent Australasia, note that Australia itself is the continent, not Australasia (check the definition)***Australia is the name of the country, Australasia is the name given to the entire region.The Americans call Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands etc. "Australia". The preffered term is Australasia/Oceana, when refferting to the continent!Raging Bull is right. Ricvee is half there. The difference between Australasia and Oceania is a little hazy, sometimes a country is considered belonging to both.  New Zealanders for example mostly consider themselves as existing in Oceania, probably due to their dislike of Australians!Australasia is tha name of the continent in which Australia resides.i did not know that it was also called that thing..........very strange
bus or planthe best way is by train, if you are driving then get on the trans Canada hwy, follow it from Mtl to Quebec and just keep going, can't get lost, people there are super friendly wow I hope you like th snow as it won;t be long and you will see awhole lot of it, have fun!. . Hugs!Take the Bus.If you are driving from Montreal, take either the 20 east bound or the 40 east. If you take the 20 you will cross the St.Lawrence in Quebec City. From there it is Trans-canada through to the New brunswick border and on to Moncton. From Montreal it is about an 11 hour drive to Moncton.
THe 44 is the country code followed by the actual phone number. If you are calling from another country (ie. outside of the UK) you need to dial your country code then the country code then the number.Which number is wierd? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 or 0?20 is the code for London. The next digit will be 3, 7 or 8:. . 7 usually (but not always) means a number from the inner part. 8 usually (but not always) means a number from the outer part. 3 is a new series of numbers that can be in any part of London. . The next three digits usually relate to an area of London. The last four digits are unique to the subscriber. When dialled in the UK (i.e. without the international code) the format is:. . 020 xxxx xxxx. . It is often thought that 7 and 8 prefixed numbers are restricted to inner and outer London or that there are two codes 0207 and 0208. This is not the case. New numbers are now issued throughout the 020 area starting with a "3" and the old "7" and "8" prefixed numbers can be re-used in any part of London.if u live in london u just take the 44 away and change it to a 0phone numbers tend to have patterns, otherwise we would all have the same number!!! that would just get annoying!!!. . Although i would never forget my number!!!. . 01304 or +441304  - sandwich
go to your nearest post office and get the paperwork for it . Then go to Walgreen's and have 2 passport pictures taken , Fill out paperwork and send in a check for 65 $ .takes about 6 weeks for it to returnGo to the post office, you need a picture and an original birth certificate, any divorice papers and lots of money, anywhere from $65 to $120 depending on how fast you need it.a few years ago i went to federal bldg. in Houston TX got one in two days dont know if the option is still openPost office.you can go to your local courthouse. they should have forms. It usually takes 2-4 weeks to get the passport in the mail.If you are a U.S. Citizen, look on the Department of State website. You can download the form, print it, and you need the required photo and your birth certificate. Make an appointment at your local post office. Be sure and bring the correct payment with you.. . If you are NOT a U.S. Citizen, you have to wait till you become one. But when you go to your citizenship swearing-in ceremony, they should have a table/booth  where you can apply for a passport.you can get them at a postal office. Not all of them do it though. So call ahead and find out.first of all you have to be an american citizen, after that just go to the clerk of courts. or post office and pick up and fill out the necessary forms. send them off and within 4-6 weeks your new passport will arrive in the mail
Apart from the obvious answer - in Yemen, here are some places you might find someone from Yemen to talk to online:. . . Yemen Observer  - Independent English online newspaper covering current events, culture, and society. Also features chat room. http://www.yobserver.com/. . Here is a Yemen chatroom http://www.weirdtown.com/find/chat/where/yemen_chat.jspI understand there are quite a few in and around Yemen.try to use''ICQ whitepages'',and select ''city:YEMEN''. tons of peoples gonna appear at the bottom of the page. and you can see their status as well.. but you need an icq number,actually everybody has,once upon a time..tell me your location to help you
Bribing. Like everything related to Marbella´s council.With extreme difficulty, it is an industry totally dominated by Spaniards, anyone not spanish will not get a look in!I wouldn't even consider trying to!  As previous comments, unless you're Spanish, know who to pay back handers to etc, just forget it!
The color red refers to the period before the 1952 Revolution which brought a group of army officers to power after deposing King Farouk, then King of Egypt. This was a period characterized by the struggle against the British occupation of the country. The white symbolizes the advent of the 1952 Revolution which ended the monarchy without bloodshed. The color black symbolizes the end of the oppression of the people of Egypt at the hands of the Monarchy and British colonialism.. . These colors of the current flag became the traditional Pan-Arabic colors, also seen on the flags of Yemen, Syria and Iraq. The central emblem differs from one country to the other."The first national flag of modern Egypt was established by a Royal Decree in 1923 when Egypt gained conditional independence from Great Britain in 1922. The color was green with a white crescent and three stars in the middle.. In 1958, a Presidential Decree established a new flag for the United Arab Republic which comprised a merger of Syria and Egypt. The new flag had three colors: red, white with 2 green stars and black. The flag was rectangular in shape and the width was one-third of its length.. [Editor's note]: the flag of the period 1952-1958 is strangely omitted.. In 1972, the Law was amended to change the flag. The stars were removed from the flag and replaced by a golden hawk.. In 1984, the hawk was replaced by a golden eagle or the eagle of Saladdin, the Ayubbid Sultan who ruled Egypt and Syria in 12th Century, the same Saladdin of the Crusades.. . Color Symbolism. The color red refers to the period before 1952 Revolution which brought a group of army officers to power after deposing King Farouk, then King of Egypt. This was a period characterized by the struggle against the British occupation of the country. The white symbolizes the advent of the 1952 Revolution which ended the monarchy without bloodshed. The color black symbolizes the end of the oppression of the people of Egypt at the hands of the Monarchy and British colonialism.red is egyptian blood at war. white is good days. black is bad days. yellow eagle it's meaning about egypt is strongmohamed radi is rightThey told you about the colors. I know one thing about the eagle. It is supposed to be Salah Eldein's eagle .. Why ? I don't know. What is the relationship between Salah Eldein and Egypt ? I don't know.
London is warm bright and young.I often feel that London is a place of two extremes. On one hand exhilarating, exciting, vibrant, and on the other hand can be the loneliest place in the world, potentially dangerous and dark, moody and threatening.. . I don't think there is another city in the world that encapsulates all that London does.Thank you for the kisses! Your words about London are very kind. . Probably not much has changed in five years except for the congestion charge making central London much nicer as there are fewer cars. There are more buses now as well.. Your English is much better than most of the British people who use Yahoo answers - well done!In the last five years some parts of London have become less distinctive than they were. Too many Starbucks and not as many individually-owned establishments. Kensington High Street and the King's Road, for example, used to have lots of quirky boutiques; now they look more like any other main street.. . But in most ways, London still offers the great range of choice that you remember, whether you're looking for somewhere to eat or shop, or a music venue... or almost anything. And it's now more multicultural than ever.. . And your English is great, by the way!Not a lot has changed,except new stores opening up in Central London,especially for fashion. Always new theatre and films, it depends on your interests. I prefer Italy especially Tuscany, it was good to see Italy win the World Cup. I was married to an Italian for a long while, he came from Pisa. When I raise the money I would love to visit Italy again maybe see the South for a change, Sorrento,Amalfi, Naples or Siciliy. Be interesting to see how Italy has changed. I listen to the Italian web site stations sometimes, my Italian language skills are rubbish, not enough practice, its my favorite foreign language. Kisses from London.It's an absolutely brilliant place, but mere words cannot describe it.... you need to be here!Hello, I'm from Italy too, I really love London, as you can see from my questions. I want to move there in 2012 when I'll be 18. During these years I want to practise English and maybe visit that BEAUTIFUL city every year, or almost every two years. Also 4 me, London is a beautiful city and I feel it in my soul. Hope I can really move there, kisses to London fom Italy!!. (also 4 me, pls forgive my mistakes!! tia)London is the centre of culture throughout the world..  It is known to be the "Music Capital of the World". There are many attractions that we catch your attention, such as Buckingham Palace, The London Eye, the Millienium Dome, Westminister, the shopping districts from Oxford Street to Brixton and Surrey Street Market. London has its reputation for being the second most fashionable place, to shop (after Paris)There are numerous place to sit and relax and enjoy a good party every night. .  As you know, it has good transport connections to the rest of Britain, and hosts 3 international airports so you can off in the air as quickly as possible! It is home to the famous "London Underground"- the first underground system in the World.. .  The diversty in London is something not to be missed. Different cultures from all over the world pass through.. .  Since the turn of the Millienium, London has been subject to changes, such as the Congestion Charge through Central London. The Millienuim Dome since 2001 is no longer a site to celebrate the change of the millia, but hosts other things. . . As worldly publicilised the London bombing of the Underground 7/7/01, which since then, there has been an increase in the security around London, around the UK in general.. . Since 2001, London has won to be the host for the 2012 games, and the capital, as well as the nation, are preparing for the Olympics!. .  There are numeros changes that have happened since 2001 in London, that I'm sure you will be glad to see again soon!i had five years between two visits to london (first one for three days, the second for five weeks) and it felt different but most likely because i aged five years.  you can still find anything in london.  it's starting to become more like a shopping mall.  they were building this shopping area in bloomsbury over the summer that i did not approve of.  i would like to go back, mostly because i love how green it is compared to most american cities.. did they put as much mayonnaise on everything back then as they do now?I'm italian too and I went just 2 times in London too! I find London very cool and amazing! Every time that I go there, I discover new things and places...I would like to stay some month in Great Britain..When I'm there, I think to be at home.. I find english humor and customs very very like as my ideas... now I'm in Germany to improve my German..but, when I'll finish my studies, I want to get back in London! It's my preferred capital that I visited till now..and if I can't live there for few months, I want to get there many many many times... Sorry for my mistakes tooI've been to Paris, Zurich, Frankfurt, but theres no place like. London.  LONDON, KY. is a fine place to live, nice small town.well it is a nice place for sureso, fantastic.. that it is now radioreactiveWell, today its saturday the 2nd in London, and its overclouded with a chance at lunch time to see the sun. So the weather is still the same. but its great city with an undying energy towards it. . I love your english, its better than my ItalianWell I have lived in London all my life and I don't find it fantastic! But I guess that is the same for most people - they don't find their home town that great!. . And by the way your grammer is fine - much better than some English speaking people!well then come back if you want to know hard to explainPrefer Valencia to London, London is too aggressive and uncouth nowadaysOnly been to London once in 1971 and quite honestly, I didn't like it !!!I suggest you try visiting New York City. There is no place like it on earth. London is cold, dark and old.I hate london.
The large bodies of water that engulf 70% of the earth...to be sarcastic but to tell you a little truth "O" "Shin". . you would have to have given us the kanji characters for the true translation of the name - due to many characters having different sounds e.g  the kanji for birth, or fresh - it has 6 ways to read this - and often names are based on old readings, and old dialects, and often Chinese Readings -onyomi vs kunyomi. . "o" for instance could mean dirty, to rise, push, to fold, small, inner,et al or an honorific precursor to another meaning such as "O" cha (tea) and Okane (money). so you would have someone look at the characters directly - o has many instances of character readings. . shin might be true, new, parents or relatives, heart - . . I am no japanese etymologist or onomatologist but here is one try- one naming could be "inner heart", . and another "honorable relatives". but you must have translate the character and not the sound - as its a mouth full of air in this caseI know an OSHIN song, it says;. . "Shin for OSHIN is Shin for 'SHINBO'". . SHINBO means patience. If you know about the drama "OSHIN", you will understand this mean.It is just a name for little girl in the old Japanese drama.. No exact meaning. Today it's hard find this name in Japan.i dont think it means anythingWell, I know the word means nausea...
The Walmart atles has plenty of road trip stops. It gives full detail about the places.Not sure what you mean by "cool" exactly, but here's a suggestion, check out the Roadside America site.  It's got lots of unusual, fun, retro places to see.
Join the Men in Blacklocate jimmy hoffa's friends.... . gee they really make one ----------------what kind of crime did you commitwhy would you want to do that? being surrouned by loved ones is the whole beauty of life!!! *frowns*...............*mumbles*..............just like math taking over the world and leaving art behind............Did you commit a crime?If you did u should turn ur self in.It will get worse if you hide!
Its less desirable land which makes it cheaper.That's where the lower land values are.  It's a classic case of beggars can't be choosers.no body wants to pay money to live next to a highway. those things are noisy and attract unscrupulous individuals. So all that is left to do with lands like that is build projects.I think it 's because they're closer to bus lines, which generally tend to stay on main roads, and have stops near intersections to serve the greatest number of people.  (A side note: double-glazed windows and good caulking drown out most traffic noise).not all are by highways, I live in New Mexico and they are in the middle of town. .           My guess would be that the land was probably undesirable by others, the state purchased cheap and they had to do something with it and they needed affordable housing so why not kill 2 birds with 1 stone.?Nobody else wants to build there.
I was there this year about that time.  I don't see the weather changes much. it's usually about 75-80 degrees.It's absolutely perfect... The water is nice and warm all year as well. . . You should visit. . . Aloha,Somewhere between 77 and 80 for a high. 63 to 70 for a low. At least here in Honolulu.The same as it is any other month!february is in the middle of the wet season and IF you are going to the east side of the island (Polynesian Cultural Center) or the north shore - both of which I highly reccommend, you could have a LOT of rain - the february i lived on Oahu, it rained for 11 days straight on the east side - though not as much in Honolulu. Good luck and have fun.Probably just like it is the rest of the year:  about 75-80 during the day and 65-70 at night.
For Papsmears information, Caribbean lobsters do not have claws.. As for eating them in Cuba vs not... perhaps it is like the Morman's selling alcohol and caffinated drinks in Salt Late City? It's all about the $$$$$.NOBODY should laugh at lobsters-- have you seen the claws on those things? Piss one off and you may go missing a finger!Lobsters are the "truth" everywhere man, not just Cuba!!Hey Bam Bam , please what was your question , INCOMPRENSIBLE !I have no idea what the hell you're asking.
This is not a question, but answer.. Even then, here are some aspects not covered by you, but noticed by me during my posting there for 5 years.--. 1. It is possible to spend the entire lifetime in Bangalore on Tamil knowledge only.No need of kannada. . 2. The OOTA AVAKASHA ( Lunch time ) here is more than anywhere in India --1200 to 1600 hrs.. 3. Workmen  like electrician / plumber/ dhobi will  never come back if you have paid any advance to them.all are pretty much true.very interesting read.. funny about the dog bites. . not funny...AIDS.. from what i understand India has the highest rate of AIDS per capita in the world. Denser somehow than Africa.. If Bangalore is known for pubs and girls im sure its also known for any kind of exotic crotch rot you could ever hope to shop for.. . edit: . after a long interesting chat with you we discovered that it is not the worlds highest rate per capita of HIV/AIDS infection but apparently the nation as a whole has more AIDS cases than anywhere else. You pointed out this is not reflective of Bangalore itself.. Still I wonder what then are the needs and why it goes unaddressed or what effort is being made.. Just yesterday before reposting to answer you here I read an article that was highlighted on msn stating that AIDS will soon be the world's #3 killer. Aside from what the WHO organization had predicted in the past by assuming people had been informed.. I say nay to that because if there is a problem that goes undealt with and if a system of constant education is not set before the people then a society will be quick to forget.  I am not claiming anyone is ignorant, but in general ALL societies are no matter where you are from. Ignorance itself is pandemic. Such is the case with AIDS in India where the rate allegedly quadrupled around the 2001 - 2003 time frame. Right after it had been reported as we saw on the CIA factbook the rate of aids cases there. So assuming all our sources of information are accurate . we see AIDS went from 0.9% to about 3.8% in a matter of 2 or 3 years tops..  I think that AIDS is on the rise is a testament to the phenomenon in society that allows us to move on easily and forget the past simply maybe because of how short a time human life actually is.. In virtually no time before real progress can be set in stone there is a new generation to carry the flag that does not know intimately what that change means.  In the span of a short human life is what it would take 100% dedication to pushing the issue. A generation of sacrifice to cause a real lasting change. Or people that live long enough while intimately afflicted to see change carried out. People with HIV/AIDS are considered emblems of embarassment to their cultures and are not given a voice, is it not so?. The reality is anyone can contract these virus. Even though i have no personal interest in India or business relation I can tell you I find the thought of beating off stray animals almost irresistably something i would like to see first person, but to think what would happen if i were bitten so requiring a blood transfusion while visiting there? You should excuse me here for recoiling to worry if such blood might be infected with HIV for transfusion.Bangalore is, probably, the only city in the world having 9 Municipal Corporation Bodies i.e. Bangalore Mahanagar Palike (BMP), Yelahanka, Byatarayanapura, K. R. Puram, Mahadevpura, Bommanahalli, Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Kengeri and Dasarahalli municipal corporations.. . However, talks are going on now to merge these Municipal Corporations, as there is no coordination between them, and infrastructure, especially in other than BMP is pathetic (not that BMP is world class either, but its better). When, if at all, will this become a reality is to be seen.Thank you for your info.  Please ask a Qs instead of giving info.There is a lot of construction going on. Wherever you are in Bangalore You are surrounded by construction.
The reasons are related to sanitation and environmental issues.  On top of which, I believe the milk companies must get some benefits because of lower costs both in the packaging materials themselves and the cost of shipping.. . The disadvantage would be that there are less surfaces on which they can print their name/logo etc.  . . Think about it.  Isn't it appropriate that the milk is sold in containers somewhat similar to its original source?It's easier on the environment.  Leaking is extremely rare.The bags leak very little actually, but if one has leaked they all get wet. We have them here in BC too. They create less garbage than cartons and take up less room in the fridge. Good for the environment.It is cheaper for the company to package the milk, it takes up less room in the fridge and in the landfill, reduces the cost of the milk because of cheaper packaging and you can look at the milk and see if it is spoiled before you buy it. Also unlike waxed cardboard the plastic bags do not become saturated over time and leak and your milk doesnt taste like cardboard!! . Those are just a few reasons why milk bags are preffered, one of the reasons I like milk bags is because your milk tends to stay fresh longer because you can open one bag at a time and keep the rest sealed and fresher until you need it.I am from Toronto,but I thought they did this everywhere.leaking is rare, and being in the bag n then puttin it in the milk pitcher is easy to use i duno..i've lived with it all my life so i dont know whats different out there lolHello from Toronto!! . We here in Toronto are always thinking of ways to save the evironment. Milk Bags are a good idea, it takes up less space than a carton of milk. . . You people down in the States should do the same thing! Think of ways to save the environment!! It's better for our future childrenIn thirty years I've rarely had leaking bags of milk.  And honestly, I thought everywhere had bags now, and jugs and bottles were from the olden days.We tie the empty bags to the cows, and they fill them up themselves. You try milking cows in the winter.A good question and I've learned something too . . Makes a changeIt's not all over Canada. I used to live in Winnipeg, and they sold milk in jugs, and I used to live in Victoria and they sold it in the cardboard cartons. It depends on where you live. In places liek Prince Edward Island the milk comes in bags because it is cheaper than producign all the jugs needed.They don't know about tetrabrick! And it is also a cheap "packing" alternative? They also do this in Mexico!
Why don't you call them and ask them their e-mails? I don't think anybody on yahoo could give their e-mails to you. They don't give out much information.Yes soldier, I agree with Purple. Do not hesitate to contact them by the phone. They would be more surprised by your voice.
Use paper and mail it offLearn to "write" -get the address, write letter, put in envelope, address envelope, go to post office, pay postage and your done ....good luck! ........Just a thought...Peace.........
Will vary by airline, your ticket should say in the back or in the printed details for an e-ticket, also listed on the airline website. Most airlines I travelled had an international limit of 2-bags with maximum weight of 70-lbs each, plus one carry-on.To my understanding it was 50lbs. per back, but not sure if that is still the standard.I would check directly with your airlines as to what the weight limit on the bag can be as it is different for every airline depending upon the type of aircraft that you are traveling in.. . I would also suggest that you visit http://www.tsa.gov/ that website has detailed list on what you can and cannot bring on the aircraft with you. ie. liquids, etc.... . Have a great trip!Different airline have different guidelines. Visit their websites. You should also know which ones are not allowed to be taken !check with the airlines you are flying withGo to the Airline website.simple, call the airline you are flying with as each airline has different regulations
Because we still have roads that were designed 50 years ago, when there were just a fraction of the cars we have today. Also our public transportation system is far from adequate. If there were more busses and subways there would be fewer people driving.over populated??Narrow, winding roads and a lot of people.. . The traffic in Pittsburgh is better than L.A., or Atlanta.
Many moons ago I was employed in a small travel agency and qualifications none, It is more about who you know, I have no idea how old you are but if you go in at the bottom you should get there in time, watch out for the holiday brochures though, they are a back breaker.It really depends.  There are places that you can pay a fee and they will give you training and you work for them from home...but I only recommend this route if you have experience with alot of travel yourself and know the travel industry.  There are small colleges that offer courses in travel and tourism as well.These days I'd say if you can find the travel agent,,then your qualified,,when can you start?
Utah has excellent sknow, but Colorado has the best snow for skiing.. . - former Utah resident now living happily in Colorado. . PS - Colorado schools teach spelling.its not antarctica snow is the best powderI didn't know they had sknow in Utah.Utah has the best, depest powdery snow that you can find anywhere.  I lived and skied there for 25 years.  I have been skiing around the world and there is nothing like the utah powder.  The slogan, I believe may also have something to do with the side habits of many of the movie stars that visit Park City.
i am assuming you mean flying stuff? lovebugs are not an issue in december, most flying insects are way down. they peak in summer when its warm.You normally don't have a problem in December, Mosquitoes are out for the season, except in the country, and Orlando isn't considered the country in the least.  Lovebugs are gone til January, and basically thats it.  You shouldn't worry much at all.love bugs are bad at that time !Orlando has issues with all traffic,. it sucks and I hope they fix it soonIm in orlando right now its not that bad you dont need bug spray in the woods or swamps not top far from my house its not a problem just a nussicenceI have not heard about insect problems there....Between Oct -Jan  - you have lovebugs - but they are harmless . The only other thing you need to worry about (which is year round) are fireants, and roaches! Eeeeewwwwwwwww!Minimal... especially around the parks where they spray constantly.  Tourism & bugs don't mix.  If they couldn't keep the bugs away, most tourists would spend more time in their hotel rooms instead of out spending money.. . During five visits to Disney World, Sea World, and Universal Studios in the last year during June, July, December, February, and May, I can never remember being bitten by a single mosquito.What insect problem. I am visiting Orlando in Christmas, and I have never heard of an insect problem. Let me know.They don't have an insect problem in Orlando
The two airports are about 12 miles apart in a north-south orientation, with LGA at the north and JFK at the south.. . Depending on the time of day, it can take 15 minutes or an hour! I'm not kidding.  The Van Wyck Expressway is known for heavy traffic during rush hour.  The easiest and most hassel-free connection would be a cab, and would run about $20-25 which is well worth it.  Yes, there are airport commuter busses for $12 but you asked for the easiest.. . Another factor you should consider is what is your connecting time - the time between flights - if you've got some extra time and want to save a few bucks go by bus.  I suggest taxi.. . Have a good trip!Ditto the previous 2 posts.  Taxi and about 20-30 dollars depending on traffic.There will be a shuttle bus for sure. Do not sweat it.  Just as good as a cab , run every fifteen minutes and our a lot cheaper.taxi is the fatest way,cost about 25 dollars
Here's a website with climate statistics for Benidorm:. . http://uk.weather.com/weather/climatology/SPXX0165Hi, I love Spain at this time of year, nice sunny days, chilly evenings, not many tourists, still possible to swim in the sea. I was down the coast in Murcia last week and  it was 29 degrees, my kids where in the pool and the sea. Just take an extra layer for evenings and early mornings and you will be fine.. Have fun!i dont know maty as im trying to find  out myself as i am going xmas time i just hope its not freezing ive never been away at xmas time before i was told i should of payed extra to go to the canaries instead where its warm if you find out let me know cheers
try this link .laborlaw.bsr.org :)Best go to a book store and buy the actual statues. All laws are available for you to purchase. Read through. . . Usually work contracts stipulate all these types of thing, if not, then it falls under the governing laws.if your are in the private sector u are entitled to 2 months maternity paid leave, but if you're in the goverment sector you get 3 months maternity paid leave. If your company does not follow this rule you can always take action and sue them.
I want to go to Dubai. lucky youIf you already have a work visa, why ask?You received an answer to your question yesterday already. If that answer wasn't helpful, get in contact with your embassy.Requirements of what? You be clear in your question so that we can help you.
None.I am not quite sure what you mean by your question, but in general,  the benefit of Grand Central Terminal is that it serves as a central crucial transportation hub in Midtown New York City.. . Grand Central Terminal is a terminal for Metro North rail service which serves upper Manhattan, Westchester County, and Connecticut. Grand Central Station on the NYC Subway system is a major station for the East side subway lines (4, 5, and 6) and has crosstown service (7 and S- Shuttle) that connects to Times Square.. . The terminal building itself is an architectural landmark, tourist attraction, and contains several shops and excellent restaurants.
To Jordan it is luckily amazingly cheap to call. I suggest getting a calling card, none in particular that I can suggest, sorry, but anyone will do the trick.. . Dial the 800 number on the card and follow the instructions from there. Also, ask whoever it is from Jordan if they can call you, since my relatives call us sometimes thrice daily with little to no charges for them.Also look into using Skype or Yahoo Messenger to make PC to Landline calls,  their rates are very good and the line service is excellent.You dial  011 962  then the number++962 is code number for Jordan. or. 00962 then phone numberHi There. You could buy a calling card, which is by far the chepaest way. You would dial the 800 number, follow the prompts, then dial like this. . 011-9626- Then the number. Or For Cellular. . 011-962-79 This is for Fastlink. 011-962-77 Mobile Com. 011-962-78 Umniah
Seychelles, officially the Republic of Seychelles (pronounced /se????l/ or /se????lz/; French: R?publique des Seychelles, pronounced /se??l/; Creole: Repiblik Sesel), is an archipelago nation of 115 islands in the Indian Ocean, some 1,600 km east of mainland Africa, northeast of the island of Madagascar. Other nearby island countries and territories include Zanzibar to the north, Mauritius and R?union to the south, Comoros and Mayotte to the southwest, and the Suvadives of the Maldives to the northeast.. . In terms of population, Seychelles is the smallest sovereign state of Africa.If you have this in your mind u fucking wrong being a seychellois you have insulted us with this term invaded, sorry we are not for any invasion whatsoever, not for sales. we are peacefull nation of colonial ancestors from france and britain, our people also come from africa, china and india. scew the westSeychelles(the girl) is grounded tonight,so no Yahoo answers for herthe have only coconut oil and the tourists are invading their beaches all year round to use it in the sun. .A place to behold !  breath taking   !     Must be Paradise where Adam & Eve started this all  !
Its cheaper to mail ahead.  Excess luggage Internationally is charged at a per piece and per kilo on some airlines.  I had to charge a lady $400 to check 2 extra bags that were also over weight and she was flying to Delhi.  Check the airlines website and call Fed Ex or DHL to compare rates.  Plus with checking them, you will have to declare them in customs and the airline could damage or lose them.  Its always best to ship your luggage when you can and pack a carry on only.  That way you avoid any delays or problems and the shipping company does the customs clearance for you.. . If you change airlines you will have to pay fee's with both airlines, and that can be in excess of several hundred $$$$$Mail it ahead of time or pay the extra money to carry over the airlines maximum weight. (I think the limit is 50 lbs in the US and anything over you have to pay extra)
I also lived in the usvi and I wish I can help you. I just think the island is so small its easy to keep it bueatifulRather simple really, assuming you think that the natural state of the island is beautiful which I do.  One of the Rockefellers bought most of the island and made a gift of it to the US government on the condition that it be made into a national park, with building restricted on it to a very high degree.  As such, the island has a very small amount of development in comparison to places like your St. Thomas.Two thirds of St. John is a U.S. National Park.. The Friends of Virgin Islands National Park is dedicated to the protection and preservation of the natural and cultural resources of Virgin Islands National Park and promotes the responsible enjoyment of this unique national treasure.. The Friends of Virgin Islands National Park is dedicated to the protection and preservation of the natural and cultural resources of Virgin Islands National Park and promotes the responsible enjoyment of this unique national treasure.. The Friends of Virgin Islands National Park is dedicated to the protection and preservation of the natural and cultural resources of Virgin Islands National Park and promotes the responsible enjoyment of this unique national treasure.. Visit their website.
A shuttle usually is free and/or takes you both ways to and from.If you're talking about a shuttle service (not the hotel shuttle), it is quite a bit cheaper than a taxi.  The difference is that the shuttle will be carrying several passengers, and will make several stops.  If yours is the first stop, it's great.  If yours is the last stop, it could take quite a while, depending on what city you are in, and the traffic/time of day, etc.apart from above, shuttle is shared service, taxi is normally exclusively yours, you can easily spend double the amt on taxi.Taxis are almost always more expensive. As for shuttles, there are many different kinds of shuttles. Some have designated routes with a fixed price, others are offered by hotels as a "free" service, etc.A shuttle has a fixed route/schedule usually just between two destinations,like the parking lot and the ski lodge. Taxis go wherever whenever a fare can be gained.
Bonifacio stands for courage and bravery, Rizal for enlightenment and vision.. . The life and works of Rizal shows a more noble, civilized path than hacking the foes.. . Bonifacio exemplifies what Filipino is, Rizal shows us what Filipinos can be.he did not use blood-shedding war instead he uses silent war by writing about the negative things being done by the spanish, he is the only onewho use pens and papyrus in creating anymosity between teh people, by using his mind, he make the people realize what the spanidh had done to our country on the earlier times.Because the America decided for it. He was an American sponsored hero. The Philippines officials voted Andres Bonifacio as the National Hero but the America changed it since the Phils is their colony in the early 1900'sI heard that it was the Americans who choose Jose Rizal as the countrys national hero.  But it was with the consent of Filipino revolutionaries because they did not like Bonifacio and was illiterate.  Rizal was a renaissance man.  He was educated not only in the Philippines but in Spain and Germany.  He was an engineer, poet, linguist, teacher, actor, writer, novelist, etc...  and most all he was executed by the Spanish authorities.  Compared to Andres Bonifacio who was barely educated, considered himself as poor and was executed by his fellow Filipino revolutionaries.  At that time Filipino revolutionaries were split between Andres Bonifacio and Emilio Aguinaldo.  To put a stop to this internal conflict, Aguinaldo ordered the execution of Bonifacio.  Hence we celebrate the birthdate of Bonifacio on November 30 instead of his death like that of Rizal and other heroes.. . http://www.freewebs.com/cdoguidehe was chosen to be the national hero because he decided to fight the spanish oppression not by force but by the power of his pen.through his writings,the filipinos realized how oppressed they had been for 400 years!The Americans decided for it at their time in the country. It is said that the Americans chose Jose Rizal to be the national hero as a strategy. Rizal didn't want bloody revolution in his time. So they wanted him to be a "good example" to the Filipinos so that the people will not revolt against the Americans.if the americans choose him as our hero, it doesn't matter.... one acceptable answer is that HE IS THE FIRST UNBOUND FILIPINO...!300 years is too much for diplomatic means to free a country.a revolution is what the philippines need. i also agree that rizal is an american sponsored hero. he is a reformist but definitely not a revolutionary. he has written several articles that shows that even at the last moment he did not agree with the revolution. it's true that his writings has inspired the filipinos, but these writings that was passed of to filipinos were mere translations, thus having been  transformed by the translators as a political material to inspire the filipinos to a revolution. rizal was actually wanting "civilization" from the spaniards.how can one who does not believe in his fellowman be hailed as a national hero?there are more deserving heroes for that title. people who really fought for the freedom of the philippines.
it sucks worse here. in canada at least u get universal healthcare.. otherwise wait til bush is gone then it might not suck so badBecome a doctor or nurse.  As a matter of fact get that education in canda for 1/8th of what it would cost in the US, then sell yourself to the highest bidder like the rest of our professionals do.Go to Mexico & sneek into us,    Auto, Citizen ship instantly with all bennys.Contact the US Embassy there and ask  them for details. Good luck.Dont move to the States, Canada is amazing, you must just not live in the right city.  Toronto is not much different from a place like New York, whereas Vancouver and Seattle are pretty much the same.  And Alberta has frequently been compared to Texas (other than the weather).  So stay in Canada and stop whining!How about just moving back to the states...? It really isn't a big deal.Baghdad is safer.
011  44 20   (Leave off the O)    7797   ####Its actuall +44 to ring the UK. Dial 0044 20 7797.... all you need to do is miss off the first zero
take the next earliest flight LOL . . try DHL, Fedex they kinda do it. bigger parcels take the next earliest flightWhat quantity? If it's less than 2kg go to the post office and send it by SAL-bin. Cheaper by far than air, takes about 2 weeks max.
Which London bridge?Of course there is a bridge in London called London Bridge - next to the railway station of the same name. it is not Tower Bridge however, and is of no architectural significance . I'm not sure exactly the height but I would say about 40 meters above the water is where the road is, and then maybe a meter or two for the rail. Because it is so exposed it is often very wet and windy to walk across!
no problem at all.. Sorry for your loss but I can empathise with your desire to bring his ashes to his father.. No permission required - maybe visit the church & introduce yourself when you arrive.. Have a pleasant journey.. God bless.buy a plane ticketAs a matter of courtesy, I'd phone the parish priest of the church where your grandfather is buried.i cant see there being a problem with this talk to the parish priest at the place  your grandfather is at rest and ask him what to do nextyou dont need any permmission, just lay him to restYou can call the local Authorities there and they will tell you who to contact !!I did this with my Mums ashes from England to Northern Ireland. You get a letter from the crematorium stating what is in the Urn, take it onboard the plane with you. However, this was 10 years ago before the security measures, then I didnt have to put the urn thru the xray machine because I had the letter, now they might make you put it in the hold.. . There is no law saying you need special permission, depending on how you feel yourself you can put the ashes in your suitcase in the hold without saying anything.
Dont go by hte name of the clinic. Go by the specialist name. Ask ur friend collegue or a trusted doctor.. Ultimately NIMS is the best place to go for any othopedic treatment..............Jubilee clinic ,,i don't have my personal experience ,but only heard that it is a place for people who are ready to spend huge bills with number of visits .I know one orthopedics surgeon who is well experienced ,i don't exactly remember his name but know can tell you his address he stays in satya apartments masabtank .i guess he has his clinic in the same apartment .???????( am sorry i cannot exactly remember his name .BESIDE THIS I SUGGEST ONCE TAKE A SECOND OPINION OF ANY GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL DOCTORS THAT WAY IT BECOMES EASY TO DECIDE ABOUT THE POSSIBILITIES :CAN CHECK OUT AT NIZAMS ORTHOPEDICS .MY PERSONAL OPINION IS THAT WHEN WE SEE ANY GOVERNMENT DOCTORS  THEY ONLY BOTHER ABOUT THE CURE IN SHORT PERIOD  RATHER THAN REFERENCES OR ANY OTHER THING ; MOREOVER THEY SEE THESE TYPE OF CASES EVERYDAY ;HOPEFULLY WE MAY GET EXCELLENT CURE WITH OUT ANY WORRIES AND WASTE OF  TIME : BEST OF LUCK
this won't really help find a group, but it might work.  Ask everyone you see who is shivering and shaking where they are from.Alberta is a huge Province but try an ad in one of the two major newspapers.. The Calgary Sun or Edmonton Journal. Log on to Canada/Calgary Alberta and you'll see what I mean. Good Luck!. Getting old about how cold it is here! Please use your computer and check out weather updates..reply to person who told you to look for anyone shivering...I live 1 mile from Washington...Seattle. is 45 Minutes away!!!
011 44 20 . . 011 011 is the international prefix used to dial somewhere outside of U.S.A.. . 44 44 is the international code used to dial to U.K.. . 20 20 is the local area or city code used to dial to London.  . X X is the local number you wrote. Exchange X with your number011-44--20-7797-####  . 44 is the country code for UK. Lose the first "0" in the number when dialling from the US011 44 20 7797 ####you have to miss out the first 0. e.g 00 44 207 797 #####011. 44. 20. then the number011-44--020-7797-####011   020     7797    # # #
How would that make it less crowded?  The same amount of people would be living in a square mile......many people enjoy living in such crowded conditions.  if people don't like it, they can move somewhere else... besides, breaking up the city would make for less farm land making the prices of all of our agricultural products go up.??? just putting borders down and changing a name does not make things less crowded!  You want people to move away from each other?  I think there is a cabin that the UNIBOMBER is looking to rent out, go there!
It depends, where you are travelling from. . every cuontry has HAJJ Agents locally, contact one of them because you cannot travel without them as per the Saudi law.. And you dont have to take many books, just 1 or 2 authentic ones, that all..... take care and good luck.JUST THE KORAN,TAKE AS MANY AS YOU CAN
Wow! you might be a bit confused... fter j.C was born you live in the age of modern Greece!, so if you are european citizen theres no need any requirements, for other countrys ask your embassy!, if you ask about ancient times you must be very proud to be greek, cause those time they said <anyone that is not Greek is barbarian!> so Greece was the first ciuntry that has create civilisation and culture. You where are you from?.There wasn't an ancient greek state to give citizenships. . In the ancient greek city - states you were becoming a citizen only by blood (if your father was an Athenean you was going to become Athenean citizen).. . The ancient greeks knew better and they never gave citizenship to barbarians and believers of stupid religions...i am Greek u might want to learn to speak it and write to and u might want to be a citizen tht would be by embassy to find out if u can go to school or get a job there they expect u to be a citizenIn ancient Greece you needed to be a man, not a slave, wealthy.
Somebody who steers a boat or ship.the one who steers the boatThe steering wheel on a ship is called the "Helm". The person to steer the wheel is called the "Helmsman" who carries out the "Helm orders" from whoever is in charge.
No, it's illegal. . . Although, there are areas, like Christiania in Copenhagen, there it's sort of legal to use it. I've heard that area is a pain in the *ss for the Danish government, but from what I've heard, within that particular area there are special rules regarding this thing. . . http://www.christiania.org/main/lan.php?lan=gbit is legal there.. .It is illegal to purchase, sell, grow, give, receive, take across the borders and possess any amounts of marijane. Also in Christinia (though the police for many years turned a blind eye when it came to Christinia).
In the North - people are fair. In the South - people are dark. . thats one MAJOR difference... lolIn India there's a cange in dialect for every 20kms or so, The country is so diverified..It just implies how North and South India would differ..... South India is more peaceful and were once ruled by cholas,pandias(not pandavas),chezhas...The south is known for its' typical architecture..... North was predominantly ruled by the mughals, mouryas,ashoka... .....................................The people in North eat wheat mostly and the people in south prefer Rice..... . But as Indians North and South stands unified..i think mainly north and south india is mainly divided on the basis of language and culture. south indian languages are frm dravidian lipi and north indian languages frm devnagri onethey are different in their culture, language. north-cool. south-hotTheir locations and slight differences in culture, food, language as to dialect, landscape and climate.North India is a geographic and linguistic-cultural region of India. In traditional Indian geography, India is divided into five major zones: North India, North-East India, East India , West India and South India. The Vindhya mountains, in particular the line marked by the Narmada River and the Mahanadi River marks the southern boundary of north India. The line made by the Son river and the Kosi river marks its eastern border. The dominant geographic feature of northern India is the Indo-Gangetic Plain.. . However, the socio-cultural boundaries of north India have actually surpassed these traditional boundaries. As a linguistic-cultural and political region, North India consists of twelve Indian states: Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttaranchal, Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhatisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan (Bihar and Jharkhand are also considered as parts of East India). The National Capital Territory of Delhi is also a part of northern India. It shares most of its cultural, historical, musical, and linguistic heritage with neighboring Pakistan, which was part of the region prior to Partition.. . North India remains primarily rural, but its vast population has ensured that it has always supported very large cities: apart from the great metropolis of Delhi, the cities of Lucknow, Patna, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Meerut, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Ludhiana, Amritsar, Jalandhar, Patiala, Jammu, Bhopal and Indore would rank with the most populous cities of Europe.. . People. . Anthropologists often associate regional affinities with racial differences. South Indian or "Dravidian" states usually have people with darker skin. People in the states of Eastern Kashmir, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, and other Northeastern Indians states tend to look more East Asian. North India shows a stronger Aryan influence. Indeed, the languages of northern India are preponderantly Indo-Aryan, and it is in this region that Sanskrit and the various Prakrits are thought to have first found a home in India. Also, although skin colour in all parts of India varies by caste rather than region, it is generally speaking the case that inhabitants of the north Indian states have lighter skin than those of their caste counterparts in southern or eastern India. These phenotypic variations are indubitably due to the ingress, across many millennia and in every era, of Central Asian invaders (including "Indo-Greeks", "Indo-Parthians", Sakas, Kushanas, Hunas or Huns, and Turks) into the Indo-Gangetic. . North India shows a fuller range of Caste (varna, literally:"colour") variation than does South India – there are proportionately more kshatriya and vaishya castes than is generally the case in most areas of South India.. . In terms of religion, North India is generally speaking a stronghold of Vaishnava sects of Hinduism; Shaktism and Shaivism. North Indians generally believe in unity of God and that Shiva, Vishnu, and Brahma constitute the tr?murt?, or trinity. Having been ruled for nearly eight centuries by Muslim invaders from Central Asia, North India is the main centre of Islam in India.. . North India also forms the heartland of the so-called "Cow Belt" of India, which stretches from Indo-Gangetic Plain towards other conservative states like Gujarat, where BJP is particularly efficient in politics and has its traditional support base.. . . [edit] Traditional economy.  . The economy of northern India, especially the region surrounding the Delhi metropolitan area is growing at a remarkable pace. Shown here are commercial buildings in Gurgaon, Haryana.The economy of this region is predominantly agrarian; culturally, socially and historically the country has always been defined by its village societies. It is therefore proper to devote space to a detailing of the north Indian socio-agrarian structure.. . North India largely retains a feudal agricultural setup, with a preponderence
ride an fx taxi / shuttle from antipolo that goes to ayala and get off at ayala insular bldg.,take an fx ride going to makati. or take a bus going to ayala makati.you could take an FX/Shuttle that goes to Makati (if you don't know where to take a shuttle, i believe there's one in Masinag, in front of where Rempson's used to be).. . It should pass by Paseo in its route, you'll know its Paseo already when you see the big Citibank building (it will be on your right) and the Phil. Stock Exchange Bldg (it will be on your left) and Paseo Center (the one with McDonald's).... Equitable Tower should be after these landmarks... you could ask the barker or driver too to drop you off there... . . Good luck! :)
Hi,,, look under the U.S. Govt, travel restrictions and requirements..  They have a list of countries that require a Visa to visit the U.S.... This is inclusive even if you have relatives in the States... .  Ever since 9-11,,,,, travel requirements have gotten tougher for people wanting to come here.. sorry,, but that is the reason why that their maybe a long delay.... . .  Good luckI do not know whereabout in UK you are. You definitely need . a visa to go to USA as a tourist from UK. Don't delay, apply. now, if you want to be there during Christmas.It makes no difference where you're living or studying. You will be subject to the same visa requirements as all other Indian citizens.
You should look up Republic of Ireland or Eire!Yes pretty stupid really, nasty habit of (mostly american) companies creating sites for UK & Ireland and then in some way crippling them as everything is built with a UK bias you can imagine the Fun they'd have with Germany & Austria or France & Belgium  single sites.. . But I guess depite the huge wealth here we're just prepared to accept second best rather than justify our own services.i noticed this as well also when they ask for zip codes or post codes if you put in my post code which is Dublin 5 it does not workIf its a language thing then maybe it's because they share the same site as English, or Welsh. Does it have a dropdown menu for Scotland? If not, then that'd be your answer. If so, then I dunno: maybe something against the Irish..?I think it's because while Ireland is in the European Economic Community, it isn't in the geographical area of Europe (the mainland).i agree.. if you have not travelled to ireland then you have not travelled simple.
40-70 rupees. not more than 70.if this is your first time in pune tell the auto driver before hand that u only have 60 rupees and cannot pay more than that. you may want to go by a PMT bus for a ticket of 10 rupees (i think it's less than 10). there are many bus-stations in lohegaon (airport)left to the exit is a pre-paid auto riksha stand. usually an on duty traffic police would be there to help you. The pre-paid one is the safest way  but may not be cheapest as you pay little extra. normal charge would come around INR 60 to 70 and for prepaid it may be @ 80u can find in these pages :). . http://www.google.co.in/search?hl=en&safe=active&sa=X&oi=spell&resnum=0&ct=result&cd=1&q=pune+airport+shivaji+nagar+&spell=1
Different hemispheres (sides) of the planet. The southern hemisphere is getting closer to the sun right now while the northern hemisphere is getting farther away, based on the way the earth is tilted. Their seasons are opposite each other.Because the Earth is tilted at 24 degrees. So when it is summer in the north, it is winter in the south.,because its the other side of the worldbecause its hot there and cold hereBecause England is above the equator and Australia is below - I think that Australia and the other southern countries get the sunshine now. Also, gravity plays a part in some things - for instant, when you flush the toilet, the water flows the OPPOSITE way in the southern hemisphere than up here!England is in the northern hemisphere which has winter now and the southern hemisphere where Ausralia is has summer now. Hemispheres are divided north and south of the equator.Its in a different hemisphere,but that doesn't seem to count for much the last few years..  Last week in Melbourne we froze and had snow thoughout the state.This week its 40c.???Yeah..different hemispheres. England is located in the Northern Hemisphere whereas Australia in the Southern Hemisphere. You'll find it weird that when it is summer in England,it will be winter in Australia.The reason for the different seasons at opposite times of the year in the two hemispheres is that while the earth rotates about the sun, it also spins on its axis, which is tilted some 23.5 degrees towards the plane of its rotation. Because of this tilt, the Northern Hemisphere receives less direct sunlight (creating winter) while the Southern Hemisphere receives more direct sunlight (creating summer). As the Earth continues its orbit the hemisphere that is angled closest to the sun changes and the seasons are reversed.During winter in England the Northern hemisphere tilts away from the sun while the Southern hemisphere tilts towards the sun.  The sun is therefore higher in the sky in the South than it is in the North making the amount of solar energy falling on a square metre of ground higher in the Southern hemisphere than the Northern. . 6 months later the Earth is on the other side of the sun so the tilt now faces the other way giving the North the greater amount of energy per square metre.  Try drawing a picture to help you to understand.Because England is in the Northern hemisphere and Australia is in the Southern hemisphere. The sun is now approaching its southernmost position in relation to the earth (Dec 22) so the southern temperatures warm up while northern temperatures get colder.
its poetryPoetry in Urdu is called shayari...it means poetry in urduIt's how a drunk guy asks his friend Harry a question.... . "Shayari... what time is it?"shayari is urdu poetry. when reciting a shayari, you say the 1st line once, then repeat it a slightly different tune/tone,  and then go to the 2nd line. theres a lot of repetition...
One reason they are cheaper is because they do not offer drinks, snacks, etc. for free.  . Another key reason is that they generally do not fly to/from the larger airports.  They fly into smaller airports that have lower runway/gate fees for the airlines.Because not only do companies like BA give you inflight services included in the price like meals, newspapers, drinks etc, but also they actually fly to the destination itself that you want to go to and not some smaller airport about 40 miles away. For that, they have to pay a premium whereas budget airlines often receive either a waiver of their landing fee or reduced landing fees as an incentive.  . . Also budget airlines tend to save on baggage handling costs as they either charge for any items of luggage except handluggage or have much lower weight allowances so passengers have to pay excess duty. . . Furthermore, every minute that a plane is delayed from taking off in its designated slot, especially if it misses the slot altogether, costs the airline approx £5000.00 a minute. Budget airlines tend not to hang around and have a very tight turnaround schedule whereas BA and other bigger airlines are slightly more flexible. They won't wait forever but will delay for a very short while if there is a good reason. These added costs have to be offset somewhere. . . Also budget airlines tend to be shorthaul and thus use less fuel than BA who are also long haul carriers.Because the lower-cost airlines save money by not pressurizing the cabin during flight, and they usually fly on just one engine (they shut the other 3 off to save fuel).  Also, if you look down at the toilets when you flush them, you can see the ground.. . They also cut overhead costs by not using navigation equipment, and they save airport fees by landing on interstates.Because they fly to smaller airports and have a quick turnaround and therefore keep the charges low. Some smaller airports don't even have a charge.because there are no frills or service back-up if things go wrong. ask yourself why do M&S charge £15 for a shirt when Aldi charge £4, it is to do with quality, both may be value for money but the quality of one is much betterYou're paying for a seat on a flight to a crappy airportRyanair make their money on simple name changes. £45 each way, each person, to get a name changed on a computer. Its not like they have tickets to reprint. Their admin staff must be on a good wage.Its a very clever con really, there will be a limited number of seats at the lowest advertised price, then the price gradually creeps up and up, add to that the fact that as has been already said, no meals, no service etc then they look less and less appealing.. . One other little con that some of the budget crowd were pulling was to list a low price the first time you visited their site and then once you returned and had a cookie from them, lo and behold the price went up. This would have been fine till some sharp guy noticed that the price went up the second time he looked at the same flight from home and checked it from work and it was back to the original price - oooops busted. Of course it was a computer error and not a deliberate attempt to rip people off - yeah right, and i've got 2 willies :)because that is not how they work they offer better service bigger seats more flights and stuffBecause you get less for your money - no meal included, and it is a bit like getting a bus - no frills but cheap.1. I imagine Easyjet pay less for their workers then BA- BA has high running cost before the plane even go anywhere.. 2. No frill, you pay drink and snack - won't bother me at all, if the different £50-£100 --I can get  decent meals for that.Because Easyjet really is a no frills airline - no room in  your seats because they have packed more seats in than BA.  No complimentary newspapers, drinks and the refreshment trolley is so limited and very expensive.  BA provide in flight meals, comfy seating and are definately superior to budget airlines.  However budget has its place - like getting a bus as appose to a taxi!!No frills.... . No service....only crap service......and complain?   dont even go there....Low budget airlines have cheaper flights because of the 'no thrills' flight in which you do not recieve a meal. They make their money because more people want to fly with them because of the low price.
You'll probably need a job first. Look online. Also ask the US Embassy for advice.If you live here, apply for a job.. . If not, apply for a visa and move here. Then apply for a job.With great difficultyno you cant unless its a job no one elses wants to do like picking fruitgo and apply visa or greencard for working
I don't think it is necessary to fly there at all, but rather to go by car. The distance is not too far and it could easily be done.just go through the tunnels in Gaza that they use to smuggle weapons from eygypt to Israel for the poor terrorists.Drive over the Tabba crossing in EilatThere is air sinai you can reach them through this site:. . http://www.plane-spotters.net/Airline/Air-Sinai. . They are an Egyptian company and fly to Tel Aviv several times a week.
because its a flycause they don't know if the place they go in is a right place or notThe answer is in the wings. Wings are designed to go one way aerodanamically.  Look at airplanes. Have you ever seen one reverse?  They can do that only in the ground, and even then they have to use their motors..  The fly has to perch, physically turn around using its little legs, then fly back if they have to reverse direction.They forget easilythey are too drunk of flowers that they can't find the door.I've found that to be really true, maybe they just like humiliating us humans :oflies are dumb. didn't you know that?You have to understand the things that attract them into a room, i.e. smell of food/bright light/warmth. So, if you close the curtains, so the room is dark, and leave the door open partially, they will fly towards the light source, but if it is cold outside, they may refuse to go out!.......good question.because if you leave like your window or door open for like a minute.a fly always gets in.but if you leave your window open for a whole day it will never find its way out.flies are so annoyingtrue, so we can swat themBecause the window is closed.
Not too bad. Mostly international carriers at that timeNo problem yet wait til the 23rd.not too busy. i live near lax and i drive by it everyday around 10pmI was in Los Angeles recently, and it seemed like the airport there was always busy. Tonight's schedule depends on how many flights there are-- do a search on your airline's website for flights tonight if you want to get an idea of what it will be like. Good luck!
Because of all the switch backs the fwy takes going up and then down the pass.The CORRECT answer is because grape vineyards grow at the northern exodus of the summit. (around the town of Lebec)The first highway linking the valley with the Los Angeles Basin, the Ridge Route, wound its way through the pass as well. The Ridge Route was originally a part of U.S. Highway 99 and was bypassed by a safer, straighter route over Grapevine Hill (or simply "The Grapevine") that would become part of Interstate 5 upon its completion.. . Hope this answers...Because the old 99 highway or road was so twisted with switchbacks and curves they said it was like driving  on a grapevine. . this higway was described in the Grapes of Wrath by John Stienbeck.  In 1963 I remember they were just up grading the highway and I remember just seeing part of he od highway and it was a piece of work.I always thought it was because it was a twisty-turny road.It is named for the small town at the bottom of  the hill (on the Bakersfield side)
81 and sunny, same as every dayAwesome!. mid 80's, and clearPerfect winter weather you can not beat it ant where in the US. Mid 80's during the day and 50's at night. Perfect.I dont live in Phx anymore.  I plan to live there again.  I know the weather in the fall, winter and spring is awesome.  Summers are kinda hot, but I loved the thunderstorms.  :)
IN and OUT!. . By segregating the passenger flow, it speeds up boarding and alighting.To confuse visitors. . . And it obviously works!! ;pIt is not only London buses, I am from Aberdeen and the buses there have 2 doors.  It is so that people getting off the bus don't squish the women getting on at the front with the pushchairs.  . . London buses are great now that they've got rid of the Routemasters.  Finally they don't smell, have heating, windows that open properly and a bell instead of that old rope.  No more conductors having a chat about their lunch and no more neck breaking stairs.  Finally disabled people and mums can board the buses, more safety rails and no silly teenagers trying to hop on while it's moving.. . Mind you some people still moan about their demise - oh well can't please everyone.one door is for first class ticket holders onlyOne to get on and one to get off.  If you only had one set you gotta wait till people get off before you get on and therefore hold the bus up.  Everything about London buses is geared to keeping it moving as fast as possible as those buses move more people in london than any other city in the world.  The bendy bus has three sets of doors just to confuse you.Because they can haveBecause at least one set always has a pregnant woman&#92;woman with pram&#92;sweet old lady&#92;muppet without a bus pass holding up the queue.......I think....Because during rush hour it is so busy, if they only had one door people would crush one another.. . . apartheid - though it's generally ignored . . .1st set so people can get on and the other so people can get off so people don't get crushed by others going in the opposite directionAn entrance and an exit.
never heard of that one"Tartosso" is the name of a Super Mario Videogame character, but it is not an Italian word, it is not even an Italian name or surname. In Italian it means nothing.. . Maybe it is a mix between English word "Turtle" and Italian word "Osso" (Bone).
It is a fast and efficient form of transportation.  I recommend it.Contact the CTA or take the train yourself to find out. Check out these websites to find out more information.Do you mean how fast as in actual speed (about 25-30 mph) or how fast as far as time between locations? Be specific.
scorchingly hot. when i visited i almost died. kidding, ive never been there but it is the hottest, dryest place in the world. at least thats the word on the streets.Very, very hot in the interior. Just hot on the coast.desert; torrid, dry . . Check out: https://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/geos/dj.htmlFreakin' hot!I can't tell the exact climatic condition but locate the region and you can compare by finding the climatic conditions of countries near.CNN does that for some countries in Africa.Gud luck.
"Sarang" is "love" in native Korean (as opposed to Chinese-influenced Korean).. . "Saranghada" is "to love" (unconjugated).. . "Saranghaeyo" is an informal polite way to say "I love you" (vs. "Saranghamnida," the formal polite conjugation).Sarang is to love. Sarang hae is I love you. Sarang hae yo is formal (Ie to parents etc.)do you want my sarang in your hoIt means "I Love You"I'm Leaving in Seoul . The Meaning Of Sarang Hayeo Is ~~~> I LOVE YOU !!. Have a nice day ~~(^ ^)It means I love you  and the yo is a show of respect.
Please note, that you can not enter the UAE, if you have an israeli stamp in your passport!. . You won't get in here with an israeli stamp! but - there are 2 possibillities: if you have enough time, get a 2. passport (businessmen who have to travel both countries have that).. you also can take the risk at the israeli border to ask them not to stamp your passport. that also works, but i would not take that for granted.There are no direct flights operating between Israel and Dubai, and no train service also.  You can travel via Amman (Jordan) or Istanbul (Turkey) by connection flights.well you can go to Dubai from Israel to Tehran ( Iran ) then to DubaiI Think For You To Enter Dubai Via Israel Will Be Next To Immpossible, And If You Have An Israeli Passport, Even More Difficult, Since There Are Trade Restrictions On Israeli Products.well, i think there is a way, my uncle's friend is an Israeli doctor, he comes here every summer..
north york is actually the north part of TorontoNorth York is in Toronto.  It is just the northern part of the city.North York is part of Toronto. About half an hour north.I hope you are not confused. North York is part of Toronto. It is just an area in the city. North Nork is situated in the North central part of Toronto. It takes less than half an hour from the downtown core to get into North York. It is also situated on our subway route of Toronto.. . A good example I can give you is in New York and an area called Queens, New York. Queens is in New York. . . I hope I explained it for you.. . When you are in our city of Toronto, ENJOY!!North York is in Toronto. So it's really, really, really far.Try www.mapquest.com
San Francisco.  It is truly America's most beautiful, unusual city.  Loads of great sights to see and experience, along with wonderful weather.New York City. Lots of landmarks and things to do. Time Square is a must see.St Augustine, FL.... Because it is the oldest city in the USA and it has got so much to do.  Anything from hanging out at the beach to shopping to sight seeing..Dont believe my words check out the site.  This is my favorite place and I go there at least 4-8 times a year.I guess that depends on when and what you like to do.  The most obvious answer would have to be Orlando, Florida.  There is plenty to do for all ages, Disney, Epcot, Universal, and Sea World.  They also have wonderful dinner theaters for adults and kids.  This time of the year, the weather is nice and lines at the theme parks are not that long.We went to Charleston, South Carolina.  Great beach resort, with Revolutionary War and Civil War history, plantations you could visit, etc.  A nice mix of leisure and history.  Plus, it's easy to get around and the people were friendly.
There's nothing to do in NYC except for paying too much money for things and getting mugged.I would hope that you can do anything you want in that concrete jungle.. . If you can not live free and feel safe. Move to the country.I think you mean the "not-as-touristy" places (like Empire State Bldg etc).. . Well, you can visit The Lower East Side Tenement Museum - very cool.. You can walk along the promenade in Battery Park and take in great views of the Statue of Liberty and New Jersey.. You can take the subway to the Cloisters.. You can go to a local diner.. You can visit Cooper Union University ... . . email for more suggestions.i dont understand what you mean by that?
i think they came in search of food and shelter.Well, I think that you do not mean in the past ( as you've used only Past Tense). If you mean only in the past, Europeans used to come to Africa in search of treasures, gold, slaves, etc. Actually, they conquered, invaded much territories in nowadays territory of Africa, which is totally wrong, of course.. Fortunately, now the Europeans are either tourists in seek of ancient culture and places of interests or living peacefully in African countries. Have a great day!Diamonds, slaves, gold, and anything else they could loot.money..... it's all about cold cash.First of all, exploration.. Which as usual turned to invasion, colonialisation, slave trade, diamonds, and other resources.oh they needed slavesAt first, they came to explore the seas and discover new land to complete the world map, in honor of their king/queen. These were proud adventurers.. . But things went out of hand because of greed (diplomaticly put).To plunder the natural resources (gold, diamonds, copper, etc)and to get free labor (slaves)!!!!!Different reasons for different parts in Afrfica, and also different reasons for different times. For Souther Africa the following applies:. . 1652: To establish a halfway station between Europe and Asia. 1821: Free farms offered to Brittish settlers. (Brittish wanted to increase their presence). Somewhere in 1800: French protestants fleeing persecution. After WWII: Orphans placed with families in SA. . . There are a million more reasons. MAINLY BECAUSE AFRIKA IS GREAT !!!When? 100 years ago 200?, 500?They come to Africa different face as Africans flee to Europe thinking it is better place than AfricaTo know the culture and to see by their own eyes. Rather than hearing from media. This is good for all.i think they accidently found africa - saw how beautiful it was and then took over.Speaking for my own country, South Africa, the southwestern corner called the Cape of Good Hope was originally used as a halfway station (from 1652) for ships on route to the East. The later history is similar to what happened in North America and Australia: Europeans moving to the interior in search of agricultural land, gold rushes etc. occupying both inhabited and uninhabited areas. The white Africans are much less than the white populations of Australia and America (we didn't kill such a big proportion of the native people as in the latter two places)  - about 5 million - but are a proud African nation with a unique Afro-European culture and an own language Afrikaans (also spoken by the brown South Africans and people of Namibia and Afrikaans speakers that migrated elsewhere in the world - total probably about 10 to 15 million).
ano?bakit?. A.K.A.. what?why?because he offered this fight to us and we all prayed for him. he said that he's not after the money and fame. while morales was just after revenge. see how God blesses the meek and the humble ;-)Congratulations manny Pacquiao. . You made the Filipinos proud once again.he simply got more punches in on him, sometimes quanity is better than qualityhes really amazing... every fight, he got something to show to us.... http://pearlfarm.blogspot.com/. http://malapascua.blogspot.com/. http://camiguin-vacation.blogspot.com/. http://philippine-destinations.blogspot.com/
Can I change my accent?. Yes. Accents are not fixed. Our accents change over time as our needs change and as our sense of who we are changes and develops. Usually this happens naturally, and often unconsciously. Accents can be expected to change until we are in our early twenties. This is usually the time we come to some sort of decision about who we are. But even after that, if you want (and need) to change your accent, you can.. . To change your accent you have to want to. Really want to, deep down. This usually happens without much effort because you move to a new place, mix with different people, or develop new aspirations.. . If a change hasn't happened naturally but you want to change your accent, you should ask yourself why. What is it about the messages you give to people that you don't like? Are you finding it difficult to be a member of a group you want to join because you don't speak in the way the group expects? Do you need to change your badge of identity?. . Sometimes it is other people's prejudice that you are responding to. Some popular prejudiced against certain groups (many Ask-A-Linguist postings suggest that a lot of people in the US are prejudiced against people from the Southern US). Do you want to accept other people's prejudice? I myself changed my pronunciation of words like book, look because of pressure. I used to pronounce look the same as Luke (/lu:k/), which a lot of people found funny, so I changed look (to the vowel of 'put') to be more like other people. But it is sad to succumb to pressure like this -- it is no different from dark skinned people using skin whitening creams to look like pale skinned people, or East Asian people having their eyelids operated on to get European looking eyes.. . Anyway, if you do decide you have good reasons for changing your accent, and you want to put in some effort these are some things to do.. .     * Identify the accent you want to speak..     * Expose yourself to the accent you want as much as possible..     * Try to get some friends who speak with the accent you want..     * Try to make sure you are not mixing with people who will criticise you for changing your accent.. . . Here is what is recommended as a method by one of our panelists, Suzette Hayden Elgin. If you do this, it is best to choose recordings of someone of your own gender.:. .     I suggest the following procedure, which has worked very well for many people:. .        1. Get a cassette tape of someone who speaks English with the accent that you would like to have, at least twenty minutes long..        2. Listen to the entire tape all the way through once or twice, just to become familiar with its content. Don't write it down or try to memorize it..        3. Listen to a brief sequence -- just a sentence or two. Rewind the tape to the beginning of that sentence..        4. Say the sentence aloud _with_ the tape. Don't repeat it after the tape as is done in traditional foreign language courses -- speak with the speaker. Don't worry about making mistakes, just do your best to speak simultaneously with the speaker..        5. Rewind to the beginning of the sentence and do this again, several times. (Ten times is not too many.).        6. Move to the next sentence and do the same thing..        7. Continue until you've worked your way through the whole tape speaking with your chosen model speaker. . .     The amount of time it takes for this to yield good results varies from one individual to another, depending on many factors. I'd suggest working in at least fifteen minute sessions and at least three days each week. When you become so familiar with the tape that you know it by heart or you're so bored with it that you can't stand it, choose a different tape that uses the same accent and repeat the process. Be careful not to work with any one tape so long that you start sounding as if you were trying to do an impersonation of the speaker.maybe you are lazy in speech as well as writing.Could you possibly have some Fillipino in your blood line?Well, I've noticed that some filipinos have a similar accents to some Spanish people I know. Mainly due to the fact that there are a lot of Spanish words in the filipino (tagalog) dialect and the grammar is similar.. . English: How are you?. Spanish: como estas?. Tagalog: kumusta?. . Sounds similar right?because you speak w/ an accent, and the people you're speaking to don't know the difference.You just need more practice. Just shape your voice through your mouth. I used to have that same problem but I took speech classes and my proffesor taught me how to shapen my voice. You have to buy a tape recorder and record your voice and find out whats wrong! !! ! !The Filipino language borrows some vocabulary from the spanish language, maybe that's a possible explanation. . my friend is from the philippines, and she had a fairly easy time studying spanish because of the similarityIt's the other way around.  We Filipinos have been under the influence of the Spaniards.  So, we were able to apply your accent.Not actually your accent is a Filipino but this is from your own.The Filipino dialects are more from the chinese,indonesian,and Spanish.. The Filipinos speak more Spanish words.This is because the Spanish stay long in the Island  for  many years.
PURSHOTTAM EXP NEW DELHI 22:30 TATANAGAR JN 20:15 . ORISSA S KRNTI NEW DELHI 07:20 TATANAGAR JN 05:35 .  NEELACHAL EXP NEW DELHI 06:30 TATANAGAR JN 07:50 . MURI EXPRESS *NEW DELHI 04:40 TATANAGAR JN 10:55 . KALINGAUTKALEXP H NIZAMUDDIN 12:50 TATANAGAR JN 20:55. These are the trains. For reservation, go to,. http://www.irctc.comAir travel should be the fastest, . trains may be slower but more economical and easier to use.. for Trains refer this . NEELACHAL EXP NEW DELHI 06:30 TATANAGAR JN 07:50. MURI EXPRESS *NEW DELHI 04:40 TATANAGAR JN 10:55. KALINGAUTKALEXP H NIZAMUDDIN 12:50 TATANAGAR JN 20:55. PURSHOTTAM EXP NEW DELHI 22:30 TATANAGAR JN 20:15. ORISSA S KRNTI NEW DELHI 07:20 TATANAGAR JN 05:35Air travel should be the fastest, trains may be slower but more economical and easier to use.. . Buses are also available.Trains are available to take you. to Tata Nagar. . . It is called Jamshedpur and not. Tata Nagar.just check out this site & save it in your favourites. it gives u all the information u need about railways & is very useful.. . http://www.irctc.comTake the Delhi-Tatanagar express. The best and the fastest route to Tatanagar.Purushottam exp. & neelanchal exp. run on weekdays and are very popular so reservation in advance would be advisable to avoid inconvenience.
Boring, people do nothing thereTHERE ARE ALOT OF THINGS TO DO GO TO KITTY HAWK TO SEE THE RIGHT BROTHERS MUSEUM,CAPE HATTERAS BEACHES ARE THERE. DEPENDS ON WHAT PART YOU GO TO.The state is beautiful for the most part but there is not jack to do besides go to the beach or Carowinds, but other than it's pretty lame.it is in the southeast region of the united states. and people do many different things depending on what area you go to but its pretty much like any area in the us people go to the movies,concerts,shopping the like. there are museums,carowinds (an amusement park) beaches, the mountains, waterfalls,hiking, people just say its boring because they have no imagination or because they are used to bigger places with more things to do. people move primarily by car the public transportation is ok not the greatest in the country there are trains that transfer goods and is one of the largest trucking centers in the country.
Someone once told me that some people who are afraid of heights aren't afraid they'll fall; they're afraid they'll jump.. People like that (maybe like you, definitely like me) are drawn to heights, even though those heights are so scary. . With books and TV shows, you get some of the thrill, but none of the fear.it is fascinating becasue you don't do it. . just like average guys watching jets landing on a aircraft carrier. . it's the the whole 'how did they do that?'It is your competitive desire,need/drive to overcome this fear. By watching,reading about it, it is not threatening and your way of being closer to your fear..     Another factor many people are fascinated by different things but at the same time, for whatever reason, don't want to do them..     For example, tho not fascinated, I enjoy watching bungee jump but ain't no way I would do it. Smile.I've the same problem. I'm really coward, but i always like to watch horror movies! . and maybe you afraid of heights, but probably you like the beauty nature of montains and something else?Hey Sexy... I think that you should attempt the wall climb.  Have somebody with you.  And about being afraid of heights, that is what makes it interesting my sugar cube.  Then later you can gradually do small climbs with a professional/teacher.  Just be careful sassy lady!  It's very dangerous!Well maybe because it shows those overcoming something GREAT, in a physical way. Its challenging, it takes perserverence and mental and physical strength.  Its sort of awe inspiring to see someone take on a task like that and I think actually climbing a mountain means more than what it simply looks like.  My dad climbs mountains, not for fun, but he goes on expeditions..he is on a search for something specific I'll leave out of this answer but I can see how it can be a mind blowing adventure to see and read about...and do.
Nashville, TN....you have lots of country stars (the could be your neighbor, they don't have there "Own Town" like the starts in Hollywood do, I know someone who lives one house away from someone) and the people there are so nice, I don't think I've ever meet a mean person from TN....but, if you are a rude or mean person then don't move there because they won't like you.  But I would love to move to TN one day.Georgia is the best. . The worst is Californiaanywhere in the south but georgia is best...nice weather, inexpensive housing and goods, nice people, great food and lots of places to shop, lots of entertainment venues too.the best state to move is Tennessee because a lot happened in this stated for simple fact the Gettburg Address the the woman right to vote and moreCNN Money has a list of the best places to live (in USA) for 2006.  they have tools which allow you to compare places you like, based on criteria such as housing, education, quality of life, leisure activities etc.  you may be interested to take a look at. . Best Places to Live 2006 - Money Magazine. http://money.cnn.com/magazines/moneymag/bplive/2006/
And the home of Elgood's Brewery.I have a friend who's EX-wife still lives in Wisbech ! That's why she's his EX wife !. . Nice house though !I know where it is I have relatives up the you need a bit more life up the though nearest pub when I last visited was a 2 mile walk but it is lovely I visit all the timeWhy ask where it is and then proceed to tell us. Yes I've been to Wisbech many times sea fishing, all East Anglia is gorgeous.I've already been there thanks - watched a brilliant stock car race there .  Is the track still there ????  xxxxxfull of nothing but closebred people and pikie's, my advice would be to keep on driving to kings-lynn
Two were caught on tape crashing into the WTC, the other left a mess on the Pentagon, right across the river from downtown DC, and United 93... crashed into a field in some remote location.There is so much dis-information about 9/11 and all aspect pertaining to that Event but if you are interesting in learning more... visit www.rense.com and on the left side of the page you will see a Search Function. Type in Flight 93.. Also listen closely to Mr. Rumsfeld's explanation. He should Know... but the Arabs didn't do it!. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0v0_HDwg84&mode=related&search=Maybe because the plane was never found, . nor was a single body recovered, . according to the coroners report.. . Yes, I am dead serious.Not much to talk about really.. . No plane . No fire. no bodies. No buildings destroyed.. How much can you talk about a hole in the ground?I think it is pretty well covered.  All the way from the United 93 movie that came out this year to the numerous web sites dedicated to memorials and finally the conspiracy discussions.
www.theweatherchannel.comman...it can get realy cold..i lived there for 3 years...i couldnt stand the cold for another year...so i moved to florida...would never go back to live in new york again...it can get freezing at that time of year...depends if it comes down from canada..which is not far away from new york...brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr..i hate the coldGets very crowed, with all the tourists coming in to see the lights. . Don't even of think of driving into Manhattan.It usually doesn't get very cold until early January. It could be anywhere in the low 40 to 20's during the first part of December.. And it usually rains.i remember long winters living there, maybe thirty or forty years ago.. . The ice would last for days and days, and if it snowed, it would turn yellow or brown real quick.  . . That was New York then...today I imagine with the ice caps melting, the winters are getting somewhat milder.. . Who knows, maybe thirty or forty years from now, some of New York will be under water.. . That's funny, they have a small street in lower Manhattan called Water Street.  I'll bet it will be under water eventually.
hi, i really don't know what you want. well, i try to help you out again:. medical service (all kind) is free for nationals. it's a desicion the rulers of the uae made for their people.. expats have 3 choices:. get a private insurance,. be insured through your employer or . pay out of your pocket . . beside this, the rulers of the uae do everything to comfort women to have children (free medical, housing, free education), cause they want to keep the population.. . if you want, you can also email me.I Am Pretty Perplexed with your question? can you give additional details??your right even though im rich i leave uae to give birth whenever i have baby 1 week before baby come out it hardwas that english? that's bubbling! A four years old would spell better. What's the question, dude?
you can either go on Southern to London Victoria (50 mins) or you can go to London Bridge. Depends where you want to go in London - ask the staff at the station, they will help youI always took the train I believe it was about 12 pounds round trip.Try London Bridge. Takes about an hour direct.The train is really the best way.  It takes about 30 minutes to get there from London, barring any delays which are very few and far between.  You can take a train from Victoria Station usually, and it doesn't cost much at all.  Between 10 and 20 pounds.  Train station in Brighton is a good distance from the sea and the Royal Pavilion, but not so great that you can't walk it.
those nesting dolls are called "matryoshka"They are called "matryoshka" (singular) or "matryoshki" (plural).  But they are not really Russian.  The first set of "matryoshki" was manufactured in Sergiev Posad about 1895 based on a Japanese toy depicting a Buddhist sage called Fukuruma, his wife, and their numerous children...matoshkya is the term
December and March, the weather is much more agreeable to most people. During this period, daytime temperatures range between 22°C and 30°C (77°F to 95°F). Nightime minima can get as low as 7°C (48°F) in the city in rare instances but will get lower if you are camping up in the mountains.Middle East all is Hot as compare to other places. But Dubai is must better.It is around 25-30 Celcius degree and it is dry weather. Maybe you can expect once a spotty shower for a short time but you know Dubai is in subtropical area and the weather is so hot most of the time.Hot!
Because we know everything already :)Funny you should say that... I'm from Bristol but only just moved to Kent and it's my first night on Yahoo answers! :)because they are all too busy culling elvesEither they are really clever and have no need to ask mere mortals questions or they are too stoopid and can't use a 'pooter!Why do you want to know?  I'm from Bristol.We are only here to tell you the answers.I have asked fifty six questions and I live in Bristol.Perhaps they do - answerers do not show their place of bode.  What makes you think the people in Bristol are not taking part?. I'm not from Bristol, and would imagine that people looking at any responses from me would not automatically be able to say I lived here, there or Bristol?  Strange question and I seem to have answered with another question.  Still good fun eh?because  Bristol is full of gurt smart peopleI'm from Bristol, and I have a question going now. ~~~Bristol Residents DO ask questions.  But NOT about their home city, especially in the TRAVEL section.That's funny. Your question should have been, 'Why isn't anybody asking questions about Bristol?'How do you know that?too busy squeezing each others bristols,,,,,How do you know that?. Everyone is different, as in everywhere else. So if there are quiet people, there wil also be louder people.. Some people in Bristol ask question. . . -Why do you say they dont?. . --Lozyoure just really boring
Jurassic park is a movie and a book. Eq no place you can visit (as far as I knew and not yet!). Johangit the only centurian of the yearjurrasic is just a name for the park of the dinosaursA lesson learnt.Jurassic Park was a book by Michael Crichton, and made into 3 movies.. . The basic premises is that a wealthy man discovers a way to extract the DNA of dinosaurs from ancient mosquitoes trapped in ember, and uses this to clone them.  Chaos ensues, and the dinosaurs munch on a few humans.. . Jurassic is a period in Earth's history, during the age of the dinosaurs.The Jurassic was named by Alexandre Brogniart for the extensive marine limestone exposures of the Jura Mountains, in the region where Germany, France and Switzerland meet and covers the time period of 196 million to about 145 million years ago.. . The funny thing is that most of the animals in Jurassic Park come from the cretaceous period (145 million to 65 million years ago)It's an era in the evolution of the planet. The Jurassic Era was the wrong era, though, because it wasn't the age of the dinosaurs in the film like the film would have you believe.. . The film (and book) is just another take on the Frankenstein concept.Jurassic is a term for a length of time within the time that dinosaurs roamed the earth.
why don't you donate it to your fave. charity you can take a tax deduct and they can sell it for some amount of moneyYou don't. It's a silly idea. You donate it to me. I need it. Four kids. Wife stressing.The resort has time shares o' plenty.I strongly suggest you NOT to do so. If you do not want your time share property any more, you could donate it to some charity, even a local Mexican Charity, or sell it to a small company to be used to motivate its workers. Time Share companies are huge economy monsters, and giving away your membership will only bring more money to them, since they will resell it.. . If you are interested, please fell free to contact me, I have several friends working on that industry who could take good care of your membership and use it for a good cause.. . Hope it helps.Who sits around thinking up these stupid questions. . Does that make one bit of sense?Give it to me and I will give it to someone who needs it
about 75 yearsThis will depend what part of the USA. . There is 6 hours differance , between Lagos and New York and 9 hours difference between Lagos and Los Angeles on the Pacific coast.That depends on where in the USA you are; BUT for EST there is a 6-hour difference and 9 hours for PST. When USA is on daylight saving you have to make the adjustment of 1 hour less.  Hope that helpssearch in yahoo or google !it all depend on where you are, unlike Atlanta to Nigeria is 6 hours difference, los Angeles will be around 8-9 hours difference
your question is not clear - could you rewrite with more information - what is your definition of skycap?  :)I am also assuming you mean sky harbor.    best way from mesa is to take the 202 towards Tempe, and exit the sky harbor exit, it is just a bit past Tempe on the 202Are you are trying to get to Sky Harbor Airport from Mesa?. (Southwest flies out of this airport) If so, take a shuttle to the airport. I usually use Super Shuttle Here's a link to their website. http://www.supershuttle.com/htm/cities/phx.htm
just take a bus to mt.abu>this is the best way out>to go to udaipur also,bus is the coolest trip via sirohi.have a nice journey.by the way in mt.abu there is a lake & ofcourse boating but there is no life jacket available for safety.dont take ur chances while in the lake unless u are a damn good swimmer.U can get Pvt. Bus as well as Guj and Raj. Govt. buses for M. abu  if you reach to Abu road you can get pvt. jeep for M.abu  from there.  One good place is Ambaji Temple near Abu road. on border of Gujarat and Rajshthan. Its most popular temple of Ambaji Devi. Many good place is M.Abu to visit. Like Nakhi Lake, Gow Mukh, Jain Temple, Guru Sikhar,  Chacha Musium and must do boating and horse riding. For Guru Sikhar you need to catch pvt. bus or Taxi. U can get many buses for Udaipur from M.Abu and Abu Roadjust take a bus to mt.abu>this is the best way out>to go to udaipur also,bus is the coolest trip via sirohi.have a nice journey.by the way in mt.abu there is a lake & ofcourse boating but there is no life jacket available for safety.dont take ur chances while in the lake unless u are a damn good swimmer. . . Source(s):. . stayed there for 8 months on jdvn .jodhpur vidut nigam contract.i think bani would be your perfect guide.*** private buses, taxies and govt. buses avialble. there will be no problem to you.
go to any bookastalla sk for ttk road maps. They are very good. or visit ITDC office nearestr to ur place.Dear friend,. u can get a detail map from the website www.mapsofindia.com. its the best way to reach ure target.http://www.mapsofindia.com/maps/andhrapradesh/hyderabad-map.htm  is the map that describes the best about hyderabad.Basically this city is divided into Hyderabad and Secunderabad by a lake called Hussain Sagar.saerch from googletry google....maybe of some help to u..................... GOGGLE IT .................Visit any bookstall and ask for Hyderabad Map,you would get for Rs.10.. Online,check this website - http://www.andhravision.com/hyderabad/hydmap.htm and manouever through the website .not as easy to find as a map of, say... new york or sydney, but this google page has a big listing of most available on the web...http://www.mapsofindia.com/maps/andhrapradesh/hyderabad-map.htm - If you enter this id, u will get the map and if you want see any other part in india, u can also get that.U can find it at. www.mapsofindia.com. or. www.123webindia.com
Just go to the American Embassy of the country you are in.  Bring your passport and other documents ;). But watch out because it's not easy.. I hope you have a good college degree or family in the US  . That's usually what gets you in.bring ur pasport and photo. go to usa embassy. apply visa
Yahoo should include Sudan in the list of African countries.. . Raise hell with Yahoo over the matter.. . Grassy Supports you dear.I think they just included the countries they thought that most people on here would talk about.  Sudan questions are usually lumped in the Africa & Middle East section...I know it's vague, but I guess they didn't think it was worth putting a subsection with each African country listed individually...probably for the same reason that the Middle East is lumped in with Africa and not its own section.  But I seriously doubt it was meant to offend anyone.This is the travel category, if people don't inquire much about visit Sudan, there is no demand for it and thus, Yahoo doesn't have to add it.  Should there be an increased number of Sudan travel related questions in the General-Africa & Middle East section, I'm sure Yahoo will put Soudan on the list.  Nothing against the country in particular.sudan is in africa last time i checked
June and July is rainy season in Japan. It is hot, but not as bad as it is in August. It is also very humid.Hot and humid and raining.Summer (June - August). The Japanese summer begins in June with a three to four week rainy season. This is an important time for farmers to plant rice. It becomes seriously hot and humid from July onward and many Japanese enjoy bathing in the sea and relaxing at cool resorts in mountainous areas. Summer is when many interesting festivals and other events are held all over the country.. Clothing: light clothes (cardigans and other similar kinds are handy, since indoors are mostly air-conditioned.) . The average temperature is abt 77.7F or 25.4Clike everyone else said - hot, humid and rainy.. . The rainy season is June but sometimes it come late and last till the end of July like it did this last summer. Many people japanese included don't like the summer season.It's hot and wet, but by no means as bad as it gets. The weather in August and September is much more uncomfortable. Go and sit in a sauna with all your clothes on for a few hours, and when you're soaking wet with sweat and feeling like you wanna pass out, that's the real summer heat.. Tokyo seems worse too, because of all the concrete and heat reflecting surfaces there, creating the heat island effect.The weather here in Tokyo during summer around JUNE or JULY, it is sooo hot!!  i get dehydrated, have to drink a lot and lots of water.  it is soo humid too..  it's nice cus u could be at the beach everyday but its just too hot to handle.
Airplanes can go through clouds because a cloud is a visible mass of condensed droplets or frozen crystals suspended in the atmosphere above the surface of the Earth.  The condensing substance is water vapor, which forms small droplets of water or ice crystals.  When surrounded with billions of other droplets or crystals, they are visible as clouds. Dense deep clouds exhibit a high reflectance throughout the visible range of wavelengths that why they appear white. Cloud droplets tend to scatter light very efficiently, so that the intensity of the solar radiation decreases with depth into the cloud, hence the grey or even sometimes dark appearance of the clouds at their base.Clouds are simply a condensed form of humidity. Just like your car cuts through fog on a very foggy day on the ground, the aircraft is designed in an aerodynamic fashion to cut through the clouds like a knife through butter
if you've got a broadband connection at home why not trya slingbox www.slingmedia.com. It's a little box that you plug into your ineternet connection and your TV feed (Sky or freeview or just the aerial), the magic box then 'transmits' your  TV signal over the net. You can then watch your TV (and change channel) anywhere there is an internet connection. . And the best bit - it works!. If you've got a 'smart phone' you can even watch TV on your mobile and change channel - you can also hook up your Sky plus and watch recorded programs or your dvd recorder etc.. . They cost around £180 in the UK or £100 in the USYou need satellite reception - which means a satellite dish being fitted to your building - probably best to get a local firm to do it.. You can buy satellite receivers from time to time in LIDL or ALDI - the last two I bought cost me about £25 each. These are NOT SKY boxes - just a plain satellite receiver - but you don't need to buy an expensive one.. You will need a large dish (see web site link in sources below) - not less than 60 cm but preferably 80 cm - so you will have to buy it out there unless you drive out - in which case watch out for the LIDL offers - complete systems for under £50 or so. LIDL are at http://www.lidl.co.uk/uk/home.nsf/pages/i.home - but no offers on at the mo that I can find.. You will get all the free channels broadcast from the ASTRA 2 satellite at 28.2 degrees east. Details available on the web - see source below.. These include many British channels but NOT Channels 4 and 5. You can also get some German, French, Italian and other channels and lots of radio channels as well.. You don't need any cards for the reception, and all these costs are one-off up front costs - no subscription etc to pay. Just the electricity for the TV and sat receiver.There are plenty of english companies in Murcia area that supply sky & others. Its really easy.. . Check out the Costa Blanca News & other free mag's....Some people I know don here on the Costa de Sol who have SKY in the UK have had a satellite dish fitted and then just bring their Sky box (AND CARD) with them when they visit.  You just need to get the dish fitted on your property.You can get a satellite set-up, aimed at the Astra(Sky platform) satellite at 28 degrees east, to receive the many free channels available. A bigger dish, around, 90cm. would be needed; you just need to find a Spanish installer.. The first website, below, lists the free channels.
Someone who is not a native Japanese. I have a Japanese friend who was born in the US. He went back to Japan to live and they all called him Gaijin.Basically it is the word "gaikoku-jin",  means a foreigner or an alien in both Chinese and Japanese. In Japanese, it also means non-Japanese (even the Japanese who is naturalized in different nationality is gaikoku-jin).. Japanese tends to shorten words.. Today people usually say as "gaijin" (same to gaikoku-jin) often.. . Basically there is no discriminative meaning in "gaikoku-jin".. However, in the East Asian nations, such as Japan, Taiwan, Korea and China, they have their own decisive culture and life style, and you can't expect racial diversity like the US and Europe, so that foreigners are feeling it is as a discriminative word.. It is just a word to distinguish and differ from them, They have the right to distinguish their citizen.. . But think. Why Japanese doesn't stop to say "Gaijin"? . Because they do not think it is a discriminative word. There is a gap between Japanese and foreigners.. . . Welcome to the homogeneous world! Japan.it is japanese, it means outsider or foreigner, a non-japanese person."Gaijin" means "foreigner."  . . gai = foreign, from outside (the nation). jin = personthe Chinese equivalent is " Guai lo " meaning white devil .Not necessarily white person. It means any foreigner/ non Japanese person. It can be used in a derogatory manner.Gaijin is the word japanese people use to identify non-japanese people. Not only 'whites' are gaijin, but blacks, latinos, non-japanese asians, everyone that wasn't born in japan is a gaijin.. . It isn't used as an insult (usually) like you might use the "N" word in America, but to the japs it has a "less than japanese" meaning.It's slang for white person. Not necessarily pejorative, but can be used that way.Gaijin (??, Gaijin?) is an abbreviation of the Japanese word gaikokujin (???, gaikokujin?), meaning "foreigner". The words can refer to nationality or ethnicity. The word is often the subject of debate as to its appropriateness, particularly in its shortened form.. . The kanji characters that make up the word gaikokujin (???), taken individually, are soto (?, outside), kuni (?, country), and hito (?, person). Together, they mean "a person who is not Japanese". The colloquial gaijin (??), on the other hand, contains only the characters soto (?, outside) and hito (?, person). Thus, there is significant ambiguity surrounding its meaning, resulting in various colloquial usages.. . . Etymology and history. "Gaikokujin" (literally "outside-country-person") and its shortened form, "gaijin", are relatively new words in Japanese. Historically, the Portuguese, the first Europeans to visit Japan, were known as nanbanjin (??? literally: "southern barbarians"), because their ships came sailing in from the south, and because these sailors were perceived as unrefined by the Japanese. When British and Dutch adventurers such as William Adams arrived in Japan fifty years later in the early 17th century, they were usually known as k?m?jin (???, literally "red-haired people"), a term still used in some parts of China today.. . When the Tokugawa shogunate was forced to open Japan to foreign contact, Westerners were commonly referred to as ijin (?? literally "different people"), a shortened form of ikokujin (??? literally "different country people") or ih?jin (??? literally: "different motherland people") which were previously used for Japanese from different feudal (that is, foreign) states. Keto (??, combining the characters for T'ang China and (red) hair) was used as a pejorative reference.. . After the Meiji Restoration, the Meiji government popularized the term gaikokujin to refer to foreigners, and this gradually replaced ijin, ikokujin and ih?jin. As the empire of Japan extended to Korea and Taiwan, the term naikokujin (??? literally "inside country people") was used to refer to nationals of other territories of the Empire. While other terms fell out of use after World War II, gaikokujin remained as the official government term for non-Japanese people.. . . Usage. In Japanese, shortening of long words is common in colloquial usage. However, once the shortened term becomes popular and its colloquial meaning becomes widely recognised, the longer form of the word may completely drop out from common usage. For example the Japanese term enjin sutoppu (from "engine stop", and meaning "stall") became ensuto; and, in current usage, ensuto is the standard written as well as spoken form. Analogous examples are "NATO" and "Fiat", which are preferred over the full versions.. . Thus, the construction gaikoku no kata (????, roughly "a person from another country") is the most formal, followed by gaikokujin, with gaijin being the shortest, the most casual, and thus the least formal form. There are subtle differences in nuance in the choice of phrasing.. . Additionally, while all forms of the word mean "foreigner," in practice gaikokujin and gaijin are mainly used to refer to white or black people, while Asian people from outside Japan are usually referred to by their country of origin: Ch?goku-jin (???, Chinese person), Kankoku-jin (???, Korean person), Indo-jin (????, Indian person), and so on.. . People of Japanese descent living in or born in foreign countries are known as Nikkei-jin (persons of Japanese descent), while children of mixed (Japanese and non-Japanese) parentage are known as h?fu ("half").. . The term gaijin is also used as a form of address in some situations
we filipino has been adapt with mix races, and it was really important to us the english language- it's so easy to learn simple as, a .b. c. d.. it's a proud of our country!. somebody says that we filipino, was in a low profile.. and their damn wrong, we are clever ! every nations love to have filipino ,because only filipino knows the real meaning of the work for someone... and we know how to respect other people.it is of utmost importance since nowadays, almost all OFWs should be fleunt in english especially if they're employed in foreign countries. Another thing, since the call center industry is booming and most of their international clients speak english they should also be proficient in speaking english coz they are the frontliners.English language is the second language of the Filipinos because its the main communication in the business through the influence of the americans.Franz, better research sooner!. . Martian answered it well.In order to be competitive in the world Filipino's must learn to speak English fluently. It is important in negotiation or conferences that include all the countries in Asia. Even just in watching T.V. English is important to understand what you are watching. Also in surfing the web, or shopping online, or even just the ordinary citizen must know how to speak and understand basic english. Media might interview them and you know, you must speak English because your on T.V. "where's the camera, where's the camera. . ."It's important in Education, business & commerce.English is our 2nd language! There are more than 7,000 islands in the Philippines. There are many dialects. Tagalog is the most frequent vernacular language that we have, the others are Bisayan, Kapampangan, the dialect of the Ilokanos to name the other major ones!  The reason that the Philippines is still a 3rd world country is probably due to its language. Sometimes we dont understand each other. This might be the reason we lack national unity. We go on different paths of the way, so we end up having different ways instead of uniting as one!.     English is the medium of instruction in our schools. We communicate with our colleagues through Tag-lish, that is Tagalog & English. Filipinos value education alot, this is probably the reason why Filipinos are outstanding all over the world. Our nurses are everywhere, from London to the USA, Middle East & Southeast Asia. Not only are nurses in demand in other countries but also the Pharmacists.  There is a great demand for Pharmacists not only in the USA, Canada & Australia. Even those who work for BFAD are now giong to other countries. To be able to practice Pharmacy in the other countries, aside from passing their pharmacy exams, it is a must to pass the English exams like TOEFL & TSE which as already phased out & is being replaced by the TOEFL-IBT. For the Nurses, they find IELTS more easier to pass. For the Pharmacists to be qualified in the  USA, TOEFL-IBT is the English exam now  & not IELTS. For Australia, to be qualified, the IELTS has to be taken.  Our teachers are also going to other countries. It is easier for us to penetrate globablly in whatever work we apply because it is our medium of instruction here in the Philippines.It's important to some degree in international business. However, some Filipinos place too much interest in this aspect to a fault.  Too much reliance on ease of communucations with other nations tends to deprecate other more essential factors in conducting international business successfully, such as high product quality, workmansip, laws and practices conducive to free trade (e.g. less corruption) and highly efficient manufacturing output capabilities.  Japanese, Koreans and Chinese businessmen are adept at these skills, in spite of their lack of english skills.  They do very well whereas the Philippines continues to flounder.Its the lingua franca in the Philippines. The use of english is due to the history of americans havings partly ruled the philippines.They have introduced the american system of education.. Its the language of business,education and the mostly widely used common language aside from Tagalog the philippine language.well english language is the international language and the secondary language of philippines, thus with that description, its obiously that nimportant not just to Filipinos but to other nationalities as well. check out philippines.... http://philippine-destinations.blogspot.com/. this site might have other infos you may need since there are several add link to pages like this.. try it...it may help...English language is important to filipinos so we can go "global", like in Marikina City, the Mayor had a campaign about speking english, promoting filipinos abroad...- For business and international communications. - For work and work opportunities. - When travelling to other countries, chances are they can understand english
either u go to  parrys bus depot or to nandanam depot to get the number and the timingU can find out from the Parrys bus depot. All 18 and 60 series buses go to nandanam.  But look out for buses with white board (not yellow) coz only these will halt at nandanam.
http://www.mapquest.com/directions/main.adp?do=nw&go=1&r=f&aoh=&aot=&aof=&2a=%5b1100%2d1199%5d%20229TH%20DR%20N&2c=BRONX&2s=NY&2z=10466&2n=BRONX%20COUNTY&2y=US&2l=f0pEgmDW5lHYvCknwKe%2buQ%3d%3d&2g=HqTPXN3ETaQpZuIwQTfEKA%3d%3d&2v=STREET&1a=225%20ALEXANDER%20AVE&1c=BRONX&1s=NY&1z=10454%2d3802&1y=US&1l=vNqELxcQGJ6K92WXQuPArA%3d%3d&1g=9HS7Xn39avFo0YzWev39vQ%3d%3d&1pn=&1pl=&1v=ADDRESS&1ffi=&1ex=&1n=BRONX%20COUNTYTake the 5 Train from 225 or 233 Street Downtown to 125th Street, then transfer to an uptown 6 train to 3rd Ave and 138th Street.  Then walk 1 &  1/2 blocksMapquest it!
OMG who told u so?. 90%!!! that is totally wrong. the percentage in Egypt is very low and only existing in rural areas, we're expecting it to completely vanish soon.. i dont have a proof of that, but i'm an egyptian and we know about that.. we are Muslims and Islam religion orders us to perform these surgeries to boys only, not girls.. almost 100% of boys undergo the surgery.. but the female surgery is a sign of ignorance and thats why we have many awareness campaigns in the media to convince the small number of people who still do that.Yasmine is right!I do not believe that percenatge is correct. I live in Cairo, Giza, and I do not have a single friend who has had that operation, and believe me I have lots of friends. I think Alexandria is more or less the same. But unfortunately I cannot give you exact information regarding villages although I still do not think the percentage is so high.The poster above me has it nailed:  The proceedure is to make sex unpleasurable for women, so that they are less likely to cheat on their husbands.  Funny, this whole thing, because it also ensures that she won't find sex with her husband pleasurable, either.  Isn't that really a bold statement on how insecure some men can get?  How's that for another shining example of why intellegent life from other planets makes no effert to contact us?. . It's along the same lines as the Jewish practice of circumcision, where the foreskin is removed from the penis.  It supposedly toughes and desensitizes the most pleasure-granting area of the penis, making males less likely to masturbate.  Sure, they've tryed to add that circumcision has medical benefits (It doesn't.  That whole thing about reducing a man's chance of getting AIDS has no scientific grounding whatsoever, and nor could it since AIDS is transmitted by bodilly fluids with an infected partner--and this happens the same whether a man has a foreskin or not.) but the fact remains that it's a religious ritual based off of the fear of sex and self-exploration.  Laughable stuff, and worth some entertaining reading.. . I'll let you in on a little not-so-secret, though.  I have a wife, and her genitalia are exactly the way they were meant to be.  See, I trust and love my wife--which means that I don't worry about her straying off with anyone other than the man she gave her vows to:  Me.  And it makes me happy that she's able to enjoy herself when we're intimate.  That's what it means to be in a satisfying partnership; you live for making each other happy in every way possible.  Of course, my wife is also not considered by me as property.  She's my equal, my partner, my best friend.  I can't imagine living with insecurity so strong that I must force my wife into never being able to experience the full joys she's entitled to.You information is completely false, you need to recheck the source that provided u with this false information, am Egyptian and such cases are very minor, ignorants only do this and believe me you can't even consider it 1% of the Egyptian women, even ignorants stopped doing this long ago. Villages are completely differnet than the idea of ignorant farmers any moreIf that were true, the USA would be flooded with female Egyptians. As it is, a Nigerian woman is granted automatic asylum to America if she is in fear of having her genitalia mutilated.I don't know if it's more common in Egypt than elsewhere in Muslim Africa, but it's a means of ensuring male control. Making sex excruciating is stupid and cruel but ensures a woman won't cheat on her husband.the pyramids are cursedfake info.Not true!  As everyone said, the percentage in Cairo, Giza, & Alex can reach zero (except for villagers coming to live in these cities.. U never know).... . It was an old practice common in villages with very simple poor people.  Now education lessens it & we expect it to reach zero in the villages soon!
It's going to be a really long journey - several days - and it will be very expensive. You're much better off flying.you would probably need to take a ferry from athens to someplace in Italy, then get the Eurostar to spain via FranceTake a grey hound (or KTEL as they call it here in greece) to Patra. From there you take a boat across to Italy. And then from there take the eurostar to Spain. Have a nice tripJust fly you cheapscapeYou can You can go to Thessaloniki and then pass the ex Yugoslav countries,enter Austria and continue.I did till ParisEither through ex-Yugoslavia or through Italy, after a ferry crossing of the Adriatic Sea, but would you want to suffer such a trial?  Catch a flight! Easier, faster, cheaper!. However, if you insist on the train, try www.ose.gr.
Take the LIRR. Take the 7 to times square and hop on the LIRR and head out through there.Check LIRR.org. The Lawrence or Inwood Station is probably the closest.  You may have to take a taxie from there.If we are talking about the same "Lawrence, NY" which is off NY Rt.88 near Oneonta, NY you don't! Amtrak follows the NYS Thruway from Albany, NY to Buffalo, NY!
The United Arab Emirates of which Abu Dhabi is the Capital DOES NOT HAVE A POSTAL CODE SYSTEM.go to www.emiratespost.ae to find your postal code.who is Abu DhabiAbu Dhabi, as in a capital city of the United Arab Emerates?Abu Dhai Does Not Have A Postal Code . But It Does Have A Telephone Code I.e. 00 97 12 xxxxxxx
Take 79 south, then east on 70 at washington for about 5 miles, then continue down 79 south.  It is only a little over an hour.did you try mapquest?go to mapquest not yahoo answersIt's a pretty long walk so I'd drive or use public transportation. If you drive it and some jerque flippes you off...smile...that really pisses 'em off.. No. . Don't.by way of plane, train, car, bike, horse or by foot  pick one and head south  now if the question was how do I get from pittsburgh to morgantown  I'd say  try mapquest   have a fun trip and it should take roughly an hour an a half by carIf you don't like driving the main roads you can also take Route 19. It takes alot longer but its a really pretty drive. It goes through Washington PA and ends up going through the center of Morgantown.
The Beatles tribute band called "The British Invasion" have regular performance at Epcot at the World Showcase Pavillion between 11am and 9pm. You will have to take a look at the brochure that you will recieve when you arrive at the park for the actual times. They play several times during the day. I do not believe the schedule times are the same each day.I'm not sure you'll be able to find that out ahead of time unless you can mange to get in contact with someone at Walt Disney World who'd know, like maybe Guest Services at EPCOT (but apparently they're not being helpful.) The Walt Disney World website says to check the Times Guides to find out dates and times of the Birtish Invasion's performances. You may have to wait until you actually get to Walt Disney World to pick up a Time Guide sheet.. . Sorry I couldn't be more helpful!
There is NO zip code.  That's American.  In Canada there is POSTAL CODES and it varies within areas of Toronto (or suburbs).  Consult the Canada Post website.Go to the Canada Post website. . Key in the address.. Click the submit button.. The postal code will magically appear if you have entered a valid address.. Postal codes are address sensitive.Look up Canada post and you may get the Postal code for the exact street address you may be looking forCanada does not have zip codes. In order to know the correct postal code you must know the exact address. If you have the exact address here is the website to find the matching postal code.. . http://www.canadapost.ca/tools/pcl/bin/advanced-e.asp. . Hope this helps you.
If you really got the fine bill from the compliment of malaysia police, don't worry on it. Just go to pay and you're free to go.. . Normally in most of the major shopping complex in malaysia, the Malaysia Police will setup a counter for the ease of the public to pay their fine. . . Due to some of the driver is dislike to go to the station to check, so the Malaysian Police is setting up these counters for their pleasure.. . You may check on the complex in KL like KLCC, TimeSquare, Bukit Bintang and etc. . . Try to ask for your local Tourism infor Counter on the guide to the counter. :pWhat are you planning on doing if you think you are going to get fined?  The best policy is don't break the law!If you mean traffic fines, then a bribe seems to work best. Not only that but you can get quite a good discount on the actual fine amount.dont  botheri see you're already planing to pay fines even before getting here..you must be some trouble maker right...bring more cash especially when driving. for traffic light no stop only RM20, no seat belt, RM10, cut double line RM30, speeding RM50. pay at roadside will doif u got fine by the police, u can pay at the police stations. but not all police station can do that. try & ask them.http://www.jpj.gov.my/blacklist/index.shtml. . try the above web addhehehe..you can pay it to me...i'm so 'fine' about it...hihihi.... . anyway..just joking...well, its depends on what kind of summons or fine did you get from... if its from the traffic police then you have to go and pay them at the traffic police station..not all police station are the same in terms of paying your traffic fine..so you need to ask them at the local police station... . its all about from who and where you get the fine/summons from..then you can know with who you should pay to... . but if you were outside from the country..then you need to call the office of which fine you get it from and ask them if you could pay them via fund transfer from your local bank...but this one could be very tricky though as they probally need to validate your fine paper and stamp it to confirm it is paid...but anyway...dont take serious on my word... . you need to check and verify it your self... . hope this will help...good luck!
Well what's the reason that you need to contact this person?  You can try to contact the airline but I doubt they can give out personal information.  Maybe you can trick the Customer Service Rep saying they lost something and you want to return it to them.Sorry, thats private information.  Actually a lot of times the airlines only has a name and no contact information.
they have the use of a vacation villa for approximately fifteen days in a year.  they can choose vacations from anywhere in the united states or the caribbean usually when it is off season.That means that if you buy this "share", you'll have this property for a specific period of the year.. (eg. you can buy to own a villa in some resort, for the first 3 days if september!!!!!)
go to www.weather.com and type in washington, DCIn the mid - high 40's to 50's....It is going to be very cold this year...be prepared for a snow storm of epic proportions...snowy cold windyCan be pretty cold.  If you are visiting, bring, warm coat, gloves, hat, scarf, and boots in case it snows.cold cold wet and cold, maybe we will get some snow, i hope.stormyYou need a psychic or a farmer.
yellow, but if you go to manhatten, bronx or orange, they do have black and even green ones. i think these maybe privately owned taxi for self employed people.PINK WITH GREEN SPOTSsky blue, pink with yellow dots on it.yel ...lowegg yolk yellowThey are usually yellowIs this a joke question???Yellow  with a touch of black of courseyellowPretty sure its yellow hun!!hmm i think its bright florescent pink with blue spots.. . ITS YELLOW!!!!!!!!!!!  dont u no n e thing?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?Yellowaren't they supposed to be yellow?If it is a yellow taxi? then it must be yellow...it depends.Something tells me the answer must be yellow, but I can't think HOW I guessed!. and how silly of yahoo to allow this sort of thing to continue!yellow, copy and paste the link below to see
Hi the last time i was in paris i use the french metro railway system and found it cheaper than taxies and it's also the same ticket can be used on the buses as wellyou will need a map. also use mediums of transportation such as the buses, the boats on the river and so forth. get passes-1 or 2 days or longer dep. on how long you are staying. you will need your tennis shoes and some warm clothes because the weather can get a lil bit chilly up there. before you leave for Paris make a list of the places you want to visit-attacritons- and purschase a map from here.. .look at the map, see where your hotel is and what is close to together  and make a day by day plan on what to visit if you live close the Notre Dame for ex. then go visit it the first day you get there. my best suggestions whenit comes to attractions would be: the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomph, Louvre and D'Orsay-they are free the first weekend of the month!-St. Dennis, Versailles-you need to go by train, where Napoleon is buried, the Pantheon, the Lafayette Markets, etc.bus or the metro you can get a ticket you can use on both.I recently went Paris by myself and had to find my way around. I suggest that you print off a diagram of the bus route, train route and the subway stations before you go. Even though it is very complex it is easy to understand. You can take the train or buses from CDG airport. Don't be afraid to ask questions from those selling tickets. I found a lady who could speak English. Have a great trip it is well worth it.There are four modes of public transport in Paris and all are relatively cheap:. *The M?tro (or Subway), this can take almost anywhere within the city. *The RER (Urban lines) these are the urban lines, taking you to places like CDG airport, DisneyWorld and the Chateau de Versailles. *The Bus. *The Tramway (3 lines in all [as of Nov. 2006]). All of these transport methods have the same ticket (except RER, in which you need a special ticket to get to the Urban Zones) . . There is also a Boat service. Even if this is very Pittoresque, it is EXTORTION. No Parisian (in their right mind) would EVER take  the boat. My advice is to use Public Transport whcih is run by the RATP (R?gie Autonome des Transports Parisiens).. . For more information, and a trip planner for the RATP, go to:. http://www.ratp.info/informer/anglais/index.php. . Hope this will help,Get a good map and walk.  Most of the main attractions are within walking distance of each other.  It's a nice walk from the Arc de Triomphe to Champs Elysses to the Eiffel Tower to the Louvre to L'Orangarie to Notre Dame to St Suplice and so forth.. . I found the Metros overly croweded, stinky, kinda confusing, and not friendly.  Walking was so much easier for the most part.You can use the metro which is quick and easy or you can purchase tickets for the open top bus tours which run in the city. You can take a tour and hop on and off for two consecutive days. There are taxis but they can be expensive to use all of the time. If you plan to drive there are excellent underground parking facilities at Notre Dame and Le Carousel de Louvre.the metro is very nice and clean and easy to use or just walking everything is very walkable or a bike to use around paris.
Boredom is a self imposed affliction.    Stop choosing to be bored and get involved.    The rest of the world isn't responsible for your state of mind, only you are.. . Good LuckStay off of the interstate.first off - build a shelter - then look for water - maybe after that you could trap some street animals for food.I live in South Jerseu, and I have some yardwork that needs to be done. Hard work builds character!
through his PA.Call himHe owns Necker Island in the British Virgin Islands.  Check the website for an address and an email address.
Northern Ireland is not UNDER the United Kingdom, it is part of the United Kingdom (of Britain and N. Ireland).. . Because historically that is the case. The Republic of Ireland (Eire) broke away but Ulster remained. It is the wish of the majority of the residents that it should be so.That is like saying "Why is New York under the USA?"The basic difference between English people and Ireland people is religion. People in Southern (Free) Ireland are catholic while British people are Protestant. On the other hand northern Ireland has both Catholic and Protestant people. Protestant part of society wants to be a part of United Kingdom and catholics want to be free. UK is stronger than Ireland and that's why they rule Northern Ireland....Because Northern Ireland is British and part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The company's owner must repot the absconding worker to the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs and the Police. Also, the absonding should be published in the newspaper.. . If the absconding employee was caught working for another sponor, the recruiting company will be penalized for violation Labour Laws and Regulations for empolying a run away worker.. The Ministry may ban the empoyee from entering the country on either visit or employment visa for a specific duration that would be defined later.. . If you have to face more penalties once your allowed to come back, I don't know. That might depend on your former employer.. i.e. if you caused some damage by absonding.As per UAE immigration law, if a residence visa holder (employee) has gone for vacation and did not comeback within six months period his/her residence permit will be cancelled automatically, means he/she could not be able enter UAE.  But remember their personal details will not be deleted from the immigration database. It will remain until the sponsor/employer will cancel it physically. The employer has to apply for an exit certificate from the immigration department proofing the said employee is out of country for more than six months.  Once he got this certificate, he has to approach the Ministry of Labour to cancel and remove employee’s name from his establishment’s file.  This is the normal procedure for the absconded employees (as you mentioned, leaving the UAE for vacation and not coming back).. . The above I mentioned is the employer’s side.  For the employee, he/she can not comeback till cancel the residence permit PHYSICALLY from their passport, either they should send their passport by courier or through somebody to complete the formalities.  Remember at this time he/she will get a BAN (no-entry) for one year as penalty.  They have to wait for further one year to comeback on new a visa with another employer.. . I hope the above will clarify your queries.. Good luck.you will be ban to enter uae for a yearIf you have to leave, ensure you pay all your bills beforehand. I thought that if you got a new passport  they could not trace you then, but I am not sure how it works these days. Not recommended though to abscond, why would you want to leave that way? Could you take leave without pay and come back after a month or so?you could get shot by american snipers who were intending to shoot someone in iraqYou Will Get A 6 Month Entry Ban To The UAE, If You Work In A Sensitive Business Like Jewellery Trading, & If Your Empolyer Files A Case You May Be Even Put Behind Bars.... . Yes, Another Employer Can Hire You But Only If the Ban Expires..
Cuba is not a country that will take you in and give you a teaching job , are you nuts ? WAKE UP and stop been so naiveIf you are an American citizen are you asking to revoke your citizenship and move permanently to Cuba?  You will not get permission to travel to Cuba and they probably will not hire an American to teach English since there are lots of other options available to them.  Plus, English is probably not a high demand language.You want me to tell you how to break the law? No comprende, SenoraIt's not going to happen.As you can tell by the previous answers to your questions what a bunch of ignorant americans have answered.  Go through Canada and the Cuban embassy in Ottawa.  Cuba will welcome you with open arms, but many Cubans already speak english and other languages.  You will not be able to use an American Credit Card there and don't have your passport stamped which they will honour.
For me fantastic. Not hot not cold. Sunnysunny & warm. always.May is the month of roses, in Italy, with weather that is warm but not too hot for sightseeing. The major sights are crowded - not only with visitors from abroad but also with Italian schoolchildren, as schools often organize trips at this time of year. . . Avg 5-15 CelsiusFlorence in May is just getting nice...I was studying there a few years ago.Absolute best time of the year to visit Italy. Not too hot, not too cold. Sunny and beautiful, and not as crowded with tourists.quite warmgreat nice and warm :-)normally it is just great! sunny and warm , but not too warm! may might be the best time to travel to italy!warm. it is when the days start becoming longer and the temperature is becoming warmer. its a great time! good luck! you planned well! :-DIt will be warm and cool at night.  Bring a sweater or jacket for the evening.  Is this your first time?  Can I be of further help???. have a great day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They have an extra flap on the eyelid called an Epicanthic fold. This is an evolutionary development that was thought to have developed to keep their eyes from freezing shut in the cold regions of Mongolia.its basically genetics... and i think singles is actually recessive. Lots of asians have #3, but there are some with doubles.... 75% korean have singles (like the pic 3). . asian eyes are complicated... there are 3 types:. . 1. inner-double eyelids:  http://photocdn.sohu.com/20060605/Img243562417.jpg. the crease is closer to the eyelid. . 2. outter-double eyelids: (this is what white people usually have) . the crease is away from the eyelid. . 3. single eyelids: http://pp.772.cn/AttFiles/MM/53/487/2006/1/4879497.jpg. there is no creaseYep.. thats true.. its in their genetics.. like westerners have Blonde hair... like caucasian's are white..Is there a reason why yours aren't?ive always wondered that aswell but we all know noir but be a whizz'Noir' gave you your money answer here.yes there  is a reason so the the wind and dust dont get into their eyesnoir has the correct answerActually it's caused by generations of having the same diet of rice. You'll squint too if they serve you the same thing every meal. : )The "squinty" look of Chinese people's eyes (and many other ethnicities, including many North American natives) is caused by something called an "epicanthic (or epicanthal) fold", a fold of the upper eyelid over the inner corner of the eye.. . There are many reasons why the epicanthic fold should have developed in humans - as a protection against harsh sunlight and extreme cold (hence the presence of the epicanthic fold in Native Americans from the arctic regions of Alaska), or perhaps to protect against blowing desert sands.It's just genetic. While the almond-eyed might have climate reasons for their eyes, its not too likely. It's just a variant of the human condition.Just take a look at your own eyes when you'r having a dump after a curry !!Not all Chinese people's eyes are squinted.  Some are, but a lot that I know aren't.Genetics. The same thing that causes people from the UK to have rotting teeth.somebody told me that people from the orient have extra fat in their cheeks under their eyes to protect their eyes from the sunThat's what you call a genetic trait from a certain race.  It's the same thing that Europeans are usually taller than Asians (of course there are exceptions...)I think you are mixing up Japenese and Chinese peoplewell not every chinese peoples eyes are like that. it's just geneticNot all Chinese eyes are like that especially these days. Lots of people have eyes just like the white people.yes or no it really depend on wat u think ...maybe because og the chrosomoes...by their parent or they had bad eyes sight ,...it's up to you
you have to be a citizen - then go to immigration dept and applyGo to www.citizenship.gov.au or outside of australia visitwww.immi.gov.au and www.dimia.gov.auWith great difficultyGo to the post office they have a formIf you are not Australian and need a replacement passport go to your country's consulate or embassy, listed in the telephone book among other places.You can get a form from Australia Post, you need 3 forms of ID, at least one has to be photo.  You need passport photos taken (go to a shop, they are very picky about quality), someone (not family) who has known you for 5 years needs to sign the back of them.  Then take them into Australia Post and they will send them off, I think it costs about $160.  Mine arrived back after 10 days, but they have been known to take 6 weeks, so don't wait til the last min.Louisa T is right. However, if you need one in an emergency, you can apply at the local immigration office in any city. It costs you extra though!
depends on the part - up north by honshu and upper kyushu, it can get pretty cold and snow can arrive earlier in the year, but down in the okinawan area, you can have balmy almost tropical temperatures.I lived in hokkaido where it got -20 c and in the summer it can get really humid at about 20. But of course the hot feels much hotter than that because youve been in the winter for sssooooo! long.. its great.In Hokkaido, the lows are already about 0. The highest highs are probably around 20.Can't tell you how cold it gets, but it was very humid when I was there in July once.You can check at Yahoo! Weather site.. http://weather.yahoo.com/. . type Tokyo, Osaka, Sapporo, Naha etc. Also you can switch F | C
At that time all the country surrounding it is big. And Malaysia and Singapore are the only one under UK rules. So join to get 'medaka' is better then those other country that need to had war to get their freedom. . By the way do you know how singapore break from Malaysia in 1965? Better ask LKY then. :)Because the country was really small and people were sceptical about whether it would be able to provide for itself if it became independant. In order to gain independance from GB, it was part of the deal to join msia in the first place.Our then PM Lee Kuan Yew wanted to form a common economic market with Malaysia to ensure our survival. Singapore exports goods and Malaysia is a large market. By joining Malaysia, Singapore would be able to enjoy economic growth and protection.The leaders of the PAP - People Action Party - including Lee Kuan Yew and Goh Keng Swee believed that Singapore's future lay with Malaya. They felt that the historical and economic ties between Singapore and Malaya were too strong for them to continue as separate nations, and campaigned vigorously for a merger.Dear Yongrui911,. . The other posters here are right. Singapore had always been considered a part of Malaysia, and no one expected Singapore to be able to provide for itself because of its very small size and lack of natural resources.. . Things were made more complicated by ethnic issues. Singapore had always been Malaysia's most important trading centre, and millions of Chinese emigrated there between the 19th and 20th centuries. As a result, Singapore's population became 80% Chinese. Since it was also Malaysia's largest city, this threatened to upset the delicate racial balance in the country between the Chinese and the native Malays. At the time of independence in 1957, Malays were only barely a majority in the country.. . The next factor that complicated things was Singapore's leaders, whose political ideas were completely opposite to that of the ruling Malay class in the rest of the country. In Malaysia, a consensus had been reached that the Malays should have special privileges in the country - this was because the Malays were predominantly rural people who could not compete economically with the Chinese, and there was great concern in the Malay community that the Chinese would end up controlling too much of the country. . . But Singapore's leaders disagreed with this policy, and advocated a system whereby each citizen would be treated equally irrespective of race. This fundamental disagreement is what prompted Singapore to be expelled from the Malayan federation in 1965.. . Hope this helped,
I stayed in Kuta and got a massage for 5$ us. For 1 hour. It was at the hotel I was staying at. It was at the Balisandy on Poppys2The one you can get everytime on bali's beaches (Kuta, Sanur).... Almost done by very kind people (ladies) with the pure and traditional Balinese coconut oil.... takes more ore or less 20 minutes at 1 usd if you are generous :) . . General Info's and details about professional massages and spa's on the link hereby..
Take a few sleeping pills, and a few stiff cocktails....fall asleep, and dream away!!!You are traveling in time right now.  You're just moving forward at a relatively slow pace.#1 you need to email me . #2 why 16 a.d. . #3 are you drunkIt cannot ever be doneGet a DMC De Lorean, plutonium, a flux capacitor, and HANG ON FOR THE RIDE!!what are you? :0For forward time travel, sit down & watch the clock, WOW welcome to the future!. . for backward time travel I believe running against the world's axis faster than the speed of sound will be able to send yourself back into time... Uh but it's sorta dangerous to do if you don't have super speed.... . Ok ok seriously, here's how you do it... I dunno thanks for the 2 pts!In theory, anything is possible. Pragmatically, it will never be done. The nifty part is the near future is more desireable than anything past as some of us may be aware.Hmm. maybe if you are that Japanese guy from the tv series "Heroes".Get a Delorean, some plutonium and a flux capacitor. Then crank that baby up to 88 miles per hour!!!Die and be reincarnated several hundred years from now when huge advances is quantum physics have made time travel possible. Better get started on the first part now.
I believe that God, in His infinite wisdom, made Arizona because Satan made winter!. . So with that thought in mind, I head to the Sonora in February every year for a relatively inexpensive vacation where I can see the fabulous desert flora in bloom and welcome the coming of spring. Check out this site:. . http://www.desertusa.com/. . This makes for an excellent getaway without breaking the bank.I know you said staying stateside, but try Mazatlan Mexico.  Everyone you need to talk to speaks English and it's a lot cheaper than other places in the US and a lot of other Mexican destinations.  (It's certain cheaper than Hawaii, which would be my number one choice for warm US destinations.). . Talk to a couple of travel agents and use your military status to take advantage of any travel discounts they offer.  Make sure she has a passport in process now if she doesn't already have one.. . Cooler places - we go to the Oregon Coast every year near Lincoln City/Newport.  I don't know where you're coming from, but February has whale watching and stormy oceans ... great for a lot of snuggling by a fire and being together.  They also have nice aquariums in Newport and other indoor attractions and activities for the beach.. . Good luck and have fun!go to miami. the best for warm weather. but i was there like 2 weeks ago. and its really windy . soo i recommend you going to california. or washington d.c. its hot over thereYa, i was going to suggest Smoky Mountains Tennessee, (Pigeon forge/Gatlinburg)and get a Cabin with a hot tub! Its pretty close to most everywhere, and theres lots to do indoors and some out also, like cave tours. Theres one called the Lost Sea, and its a cave with an underground lake, and they take you on glass bottom boats. Very fun!
Keep it simple.  Focus on your breathing and nothing else, closely following the inhalations and exhalations.  You can count your breaths, either in your head or by whispering, if that helps.  It helps to close your eyes, but you don't have to.  . . It's important to know beforehand that your mind will wander.  It takes practice to recognize it when it happens, but when you do, just redirect your attention back to your breathing.  It's tougher than it sounds, but don't ever get frustrated.. . A good book is "Mindfulness in Plain English" by Bhante H. Gunaratana.Are you planning on meditating on the plane?  Just close your eyes and think of England.clear ur mind and use the force.Take a Xanax!!!try to relax and clear your mind.  it might help if u bring an ipod or cd player and listen to classical or soothing music.  it can put you in a sense of peace and you can meditate from there.Just relax and keep it real.. enjoy the experience, talk to people. It's a wonderful feeling.. Look the view from your window, how everything looks so incredible beautiful from above.
If U have the email address of your friends... why not use IM... and send it to your friends.... Or use the email in Y! Answer....I do not know. Am trying my best to get the other dodo to wake up....I had no problem using Hotmail, never new there was a problem whilst I was there.may be you login at a time the server was capricious. Try again, internet may be slow there but it works anyway.yahoo and google have never been a problem in mauritus. Maybe the computers you have access to don't let you do so.. . try a cyber cafe or ask for help there
No its completely different. The Hokey Pokey in hokey pokey ice cream I think is much different to a crunchie bar. You can tell that when you eat it.. . I cant explain the difference but its bloody Delicious!Same thing.. . And in Australia there is also another type of honeycomb called Violet Crumble!The original meaning of "hokey pokey" was an inferior ice cream.  For a full explanation, see; - . . http://www.worldwidewords.org/weirdwords/ww-hok1.htm
Look, in all honesty you can go to wikipedia, history sites and find the meaning of the word/words, pom pomme pommy and the p.o.m.  but really we do it mostly to get up their noses ~ same as they call us colonials etc., all good fun, bit like a love/hate sibling relationship ..........btw the "ashes" do not belong to the poms and will be left in Aus!!!!I dont think any of the other answers is right  :(   I always thought it was because the British used to have pom poms on their berets during the war     :)  omg.apparently it's a shortening of "prisoners of his/her majesty" because that is what they were originally some say still should beIt is often thought that it derived from Prisoners of Mother England but most now believe it relates to Pomegranates as immigrants looked like pomegranates after catching the sun and turning red!because we sent all our prisoner there, it stands for prisoners of mother England.  pomes.The pomegranet  idea is the hot (excuse the pun) favourite. The other reason is that they can't call them convicts.The origin of this term is not confirmed and there are several persistent false etymologies.. . One theory is that, as the majority of early immigrants to Australia were British, it is rhyming slang for "immigrant" from a contraction of the word "pomegranate", or possibly more directly related to the appearance of the fruit, as it bears a more than passing resemblance to the typical pale complexioned Briton's skin after his or her first few days living under the hot Australian sun.. . Another theory is that POM is a shortened acronym of Prisoner of His/Her Majesty (POHM). As many of Australia's first settlers were convicts, sentenced to transportation, this theory holds that upon arrival in the country they would be given a uniform with POHM emblazoned on the back, and that convicts with an extended stay on Australian soil would no longer have to wear the shirt and would often refer to newer entrants into the country as "Pohmmys". Other suggestions hold that POM is a different acronym, such as "Prisoner of Mother England" or "Port of Melbourne". These etymologies are believed to be false, as the term "pommy" was coined long before acronyms were used in common parlance. Moreover, there is no record of prisoners in Australia ever wearing such uniforms.
well have you ever heard of green indians?Because they moved from India (and other part of asia) and they evolved to the tone of red over time due to the different climate. In addition, amongst the asians, they resemble the Indians the most.
In what language?i think that is the tagalog term for 'pest' meaning not good, thing causing a bad result. .In Spanish you can use the word "peste" as a synonym for "plague", yes; and also when someone bothers you a lot, you can say he/is is "como la peste". But it has also another meaning; we say "qu? peste" when something smells really bad; in English you would say that something stinks.In french it means plague.  Albert Camus wrote a book called "La Peste" which was the inspiration for the Cure song "Killing an Arab".are you being peste if you are it means your a pest lol someone that bothers people lolPeste is a Spanish word that means "Pest", or "Plague" depend on how it is used.in romanian it means over(something)In Italian, the word peste means plague. This could refer to the bubonic plague or "Black Death". Unless you are getting confused with pesto, which is a green sauce made from basil.
You will probably have to go to Senegal first. Then from Dakar train North.. Look on this site for further info http://www.seat61.com/You can't. There are no trains in Morocco south of Marrakech.
how many times are you going to post this question.......All inclusive is as it says, and it may include drinks. Half board is bed,breakfast, and evening meal. this definitely does not include drinks.Lunch !All inclusive includes all you meals, half-board is usually breakfast and dinner but not lunch.All inclusive, as the name implies, includes all meals, and usually beverages as well.. . Half-board means you will have breakfast and one other meal included, usually dinner.. . Much will depend on where in the world you are traveling as to what all is included.  All inclusive resorts tend to include more than smaller hotels or inns.All inclusive means everything is included from meals, accom, snacks, drinks etc.. Half Board in really only Bed & Breakfast, sometimes with an evening meal.all inc is usually all food and drink included in cost of holiday, half board is either bed and breakfast or bed and evening mealAll inclusive includes accommodation, all meals and often all drinks.  Half board is accommodation, breakfast and dinner only
brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrVERY cold. Sometimes well below zero. Wrap up very warm!!!yes very very cold. Much colder than UK. pack yer woolly long johns!Be sure to stand over the vent blowing hot air.Not really colder than northen Europe.. Boots, gloves,  hat,  scarf, and coat  are a must.cold but a great place to spend the Holidays!!!It depends on where in the state you're going, but cold.  Put the city and state into yahoo weather or on weather.com and you can get the weather forecast.Pack a lot of warm clothes, lots of layers - sweaters, sweatshirts, a heavy jacket, a scarf, hat, gloves, and even a pair of boots. It's already freezing. Even people who live here all year long can find the winters completely unbearable. I don't know what the weather or temperature is like in England, though.snow and cold
florida - but it would help to know where your from and what your idea of not too expensive is.Aruba is wonderful.  People are great, drinks rock, not to mention the casinos!go to africa, the sun like that part of the continent , their winter is like a british summer. while their summer is very very hot. be care ful though, cancer is the enermy, i last went to Namibia, it cost me only 400 pound with a return ticket. go with namib air waysthailand the land of smilesthe CaribbeanThe whole African continent is warm right now and will give you good value for your money, try South Africa, Mozambique, Zambia, Kenya, Namibia or Angola.  Don't pay too much attention about what you hear in the news about it. Once you get there, you will be surprise how beautiful it is. . . Have Fun!!Tenirefe (however u spell it) is hot this time of year.The planet Mercury Its nice and warm thereLanzarote is lovely this time of year, I used to live there. Thursday is their busiest day for flights so you're bound to get something and at a great price.. . All the canary islands are still hot this time of year, Morocco is nice too. It is true Majorca/Balearic islands/mainland Spain will all be much cooler now.. . I have added a link below, they do great last minutes we've been booking with them for 5 years. (just to say - add about £50 onto the price you see, with it being last minute for ticket on departure charges etc.............. the agent will tell you all this anyway!).. Enjoy your hols!It would help if you told us where you are traveling FROM.. . It looks like you are writing from Europe - We had a fabulous time in Tangiers. It was very inexpensive, safe [we did use some common sense and stayed out of scary looking areas], and one of the most interesting places I've ever been.arubaLos Angeles It was 80 f today.Florida's good - it IS called "The Sunshine State".. . By the way, I hope you mean NEXT Thursday, cos you've missed this one.The Houses of Parliament,,nothing but hot air therego to California its always warm there. i hear San Diego is really nice.
depends on which country you are from. Do ask around in your hometown of where you can get a passport.  definitely need a passport to get out of your country.it takes weeks to get a passport unless you pay extra to have rushed at the post office you will also need to a get the passport photo, you could have that done at Walgreen's, mejiers, some photo shops.  Germany is beautiful, have fun, oh yes and eat a donar, looks like a pitaYes, you need a passport, but you don't need an entry visa as long as you're a US citizen.  Go to your local post office (yes, really) to get a passport.  You'll have to fill out a form, get your picture taken, and send the form to a government passport office.  You can expect to get your passport in 60 days or so, so get on the ball ASAP!!  It costs about $30-40, I think, or did when I got mine in 2001.why you not got passport??? yes you do need onecocooo!!!!You can get passport from your local Walgreens or Osco's....You can get a passport application at any post office or at your county government office.  Here is a list of where you can go by zipcode.. . You do not need a visa or any other type of paperwork or shots to go to Germany.You'll need more than your passport, you might need to take some clothing if you plan to stay long.Post Office or any personal ID facility
If you can't figure out how to get to Vegas from PA, then you are not ready to leave. The easiest part of your 'adventure' is simply getting from point 'A' to point 'B' - but if you have trouble with that, you either don't know how to read a map, don't have any money, are really, and I mean REALLy immature ( 11 years old?) or just really dumb.That's really stupid. For one it's going to take lots of money, for food and someplace to stay. Are you all old enough to work when you get there, cause you'll have to have money for food and a place to live. Do you plan on quitting school? If so, that's stupid too. Surely your life can't be so bad that you can't stick it out until you're 18 and graduated high school. Then it will be legal for you to go anywhere you want, without any ones permission.Well, start off by reviewing your choice. Is it really the best idea? If you have some reason, and you tell someone where you are going so the police dont spend months looking for you spending other's tax dollars.. . Also you may want to review your choice of location. Las Vegas is VERY expensive. the food is, the gambling can be, hotels are, and there's not much to do after a few days.. . Save up money for your trip. . . Are you running away there for life? Or a short visit? you should really think about what your doing a bit more. . . I dont advise you to runaway to las vegas. or just runaway at all.First off, it's a bad idea, so don't do it.. . The problem with Vegas is that you are reminded every day about how poor and unimportant you are.  Must of the cool stuff to do in Vegas, is unaffordable to you.  You will have to probably work in some crappy job working crappy hours and your standard of living will be utterly mediocre.  When you get some time off you will find that some of the best reasons for being in Vegas are things you cannot afford.. . Vegas is also full of people like you.  People who ran there thinking it would be cool, only to become disillusioned and leave six months later.  In fact, a friend of mine just did exactly what you are suggesting.  Right now he is on a Greyhound Bus traveling back to Tennessee, wondering how he came up so short.. . The town is always seething with tourists.  The summer heat is brutal, often over 110.  Every job you apply for there are dozens of other candidates just as desperate as you for the job.. . If any of your friends like to gamble there is always the temptation to blow their money in a casino, at which point the other friends will have to come up with extra just to pay the rent and bills.. . But if you REALLY want to do it.  If you really want to live like that, do some searches online, rent an apartment, and get on the bus.  Consider driving if one of you has a good car.  It will probably take you 2-3 days from PA.  Just check on Yahoo! Maps for directions.. . As someone else said, if at the age of 23 you cannot figure out how to get to Las Vegas from PA, then you are not mature or smart enough to take this leap.  Someone like you will be eaten alive out there.if you are not 21 dont go there unless you want to work in  the house of the rising sunWOW if you live in PA then you have got a hell of a way to travel. you may wan to take a grey hound bus that travels cross country and get to vegas that way. its much cheaper than a plane ticket, but you may have to sleep on the bus, also there will be alot of people on the bus. but try to come up with a way to get the money. good luckBus cheapest way. Nice station downtown here. But seriously..hope things work out whatever the problem there but feel free to e-mail me if have qs on taking a trip here. Can click on id.. . Mike Bsave up for plane ticketsIf you REALLY want to run away you should ask anybody, just do it!  But really Las Vegas is too far, try running to New York. Its cheaper and you will have stuff to so when you are under 18!You might want to ask your mommy and daddy if it's ok first.
if you are asking this question, some one is scaming you.. turn back and go home before it is too late.I don't know because I (as well as any serious business person in Nigeria) had a driver who knew where he was.  If you don't, you are in the wrong place man!
The town itself isn't too hilly, but it is surrounded by fairly steep hills.oh, santa run! . newtown itself is in the valley, but the run will take some up and downs.
look online expedia.I just look for the best dealMore than likely Delta will be the most convenient (and costly). The Cincinnati Airport (located in Northern KY) is the second largest Delta Hub behind Atlanta. (as of last I've seen). If you are looking for a more affordable airport choose the Dayton, OH airport. It is very convenient if you are traveling to the Northern Suburbs of Cincinnati. However, if price is not a factor choose the Cincinnati Airport, it is very clean and well maintained.Call your local travel agent. They will find you the best flights at the best price and charge a nominal fee. Usually about 30 per ticket.This website searches ALL other websites and always gets me the best deal. I heard about it in Travel and Leisure. Try it out.... . www.kayak.com
IFR:  Instrument Flight Rules, you are required by either weather or other conditions, like where you are and altitude to fly using the aircraft instrumentation.. . VFR:  Visual Flight Rules, you are flying basically by looking out the window with little or no input from the aircraft instrumentation.Whether you are using Instruments (IFR) or Visual(VFR) when flying a plane.IFR (Instrumental Fight Rules). VFR (Visual Flight Rules)Instrument Flight Rules (IFR) is a set of regulations and procedures for flying aircraft without the assumption that pilots will be able to see and avoid obstacles, terrain, and other air traffic; it is an alternative to visual flight rules (VFR), where the pilot is primarily or exclusively responsible for see-and-avoid. Since navigation and control of the aircraft under IFR is done by instruments, flying through clouds is allowed; under VFR it is not.
It's technically supposed to be pronounced SKOOL-kill, but we in Philly don't have time to say every letter...most of us just say. SKOO-kul."Skoo-kul" with the emphasis on the 'skoo' is how most in Philadelphia prounounce it. Alternatively using "skool-kill" or "skoo-kill", people will understand which river you mean.school kill, i'm from philly.  did u ever drink and schuylkill punch? (beer, used to be schmidt's, lol.....Go to the website below you can actually listen to them pronounce it for you! Just scroll down a bit on the page until you see the volume icon, click on it and listen away!. . Hope it helps!!Skoo kull. That's how I say it.
March in Paris is usually miserable.  Try coming back some other time.  If ti was the end of the month I'd say risk it but in early March you can expect dreary at best.I go to Paris every year in March.  The weather can be cold or comfortable.  I usually layer.  In 2004 (the heatwave year), we actually wore short sleeves in March.  As far a place to stay, the list is endless.  There are many good choices in many price ranges in many different, distinct areas.well, Paris in March is not only cold but rainy OR snowy....terrible time to go I must say.......Paris is a great town , I used to live there during 20 years. But if you hate cold weather that is for sure not the best period. It depends if you already visited the town or not and if you like big cities. March in Paris, the weather is not so cold, but you ll have to wear a coat.
How i am i supposed to know??? ok i'm Greek and stuff and i live in Athens but you lost me dude... What's your question???What exactly do you want to do?  Can't you use the maps availabe in convenience stores and kiosks?. A brochure what for?
That depends on where did you get your information. Was it an ancient book from the 18th century? Or older? I'm interested to buy your book!. . Thailand, just like most countries, have cars, trains, airplanes, ferries...what have you. Thailand is also the 2nd Most Progressive country in the Southeast Asian region next to Singapore.. . Local Mahouts (people who take care of elephants) travel with their elephants of course. Elephants work in the logging industry and the tourism industry. But they never use it for public transport, my friend.if u stay in the city, they have cars, taxis and "tuk tuk" just like any city in the world.. the elephants are mostly found in the countryside, they use them to carry heavy loads from the forest or farmWow, where have you been all these years. Are there steam cars where you are? Many countries are pretty modern now, even closed countries like China and Vietnam are open to technologies and may be more advance than people know them for.. . Guess time for you to venture out of your shell and see what is happening around you.they travel by bus, by taxi, by subway, by trainnormal car or motorbike- hence bangkok having the some of the worst smog and traffic in the worldI've traveled to Thailand about a dozen times and most Thais travel by motorcycles, buses, taxis like in western nations, Tuk Tuks which look like a car/motorcyle hybrid and not very stable, pick up trucks with 2 rows of seats that run along the sides, and in Bangkok the train too.they have cars nowI've ridden an elephant before in Thailand but it wasn't very comfortable. Just for something to do; not as a mode of transportation.. . Thailand has all modes of transportation that you'd find in any Western country plus the tuk-tuk and the song-tao.Thailand is actually very modern and westernised. Cars, motorcycles taxis, buses, trains and planes are all readily available to travel. Bangkok also has a monorail and subway systems for intra-city use. Elephants are NOT use for travel. Even in the rural areas, people use cars and buses, although motorcycles and bicycles are popular in those areas. I would be interested to know where you found that information that say the use elephants to travel. Even in earlier times, before cars, elephants were not mode of travel. People either walk or use  animal drawn carts. Elephants were used for work and warfare.Today most thais travel by car, taxi, bus and train.  If you go to Northern Thailand (Cheing Mai...) you can take elephant treks in the jungle for an overnight trip (tourist trip)car ,trains and busses now sosmetimes they use water buffalos also
You cannot spell accepted or business either.. You will find it quite difficult to get accepted into college unless you can spell because you need to get good SAT or ACT scores and that is one of the components on the test.  Since you are only 11 you have plenty of time to learn how to spell.  . You should take the most difficult courses you can and also do extracurricular stuff.  It is better to be involved in a few after school activities where you are actually involved, such as being president of the debating club or captain of the soccer team, than belonging to a long list of clubs where all you do is show up.Jeezus...you're only 11. Enjoy being a kid before worrying about stuff like that.sorta confused here and u repost the questionCan you spell n-o-w-a-y-i-n-h-e-l-l without a proper education?I don't understand what you typed. "How do i college?" Trying working on grammar first. Sadly anyone is allowed to attend community colleges no matter how illiterate you are.you...a business entrepreneur? please! i can picture you asking me "can i have some spare change?"Could you repeat that in English please?
TFL is encouraging everyone travelling, bus or tube in London to use OYSTERBECAUSE sooner or later there won't be any zone.have you realised that there are no zone if you travel by bus.. . you have to buy 2 zones but you can travel anywhere in london by bus even with the 2 zones.. . let's say you live in clapham and you work in oval but sometimes go to central london or zone 3(tooting...) you have already zone 3 but to go in the center you can use a bus from edge of zone 2 anywhere in central london.Nothing to do with Ken, its not within his jurisdiction.you can just get a card for zone 1, but for the other zones you have to get more than a zone cardBecause Oyster is the new God.Because that would provide value for money, and if TFL is dedicated to one single thing, it is making sure the ticket options offer the worst possible value for money that they can. They take great care to ensure that any ticket which is actually worth what you pay for it gets scrapped as quickly as possible.They (TFL) would argue it is better value for money etc.  You could always use a prepay oyster instead if you're only making one return journey, which would cost you £3 a day and would therefore be cheaper than a one day travelcard...
because it is set up to be poorly run in order to sell more automobiles.  By selling more cars everyone makes money.  Insurance, Dealers, Etc.. But in the future they will have to seriously improve mass transit or continually widen roads and highways.  . There are plans on the drawing board to add more subways style trains but due to mismanagement expect every phase of the procedure to be bogged down with corruption and overspending.It is the same in all cities which had the bulk of their growth after WWII; the age of the automobile and suburban sprawl.  . . If you want good public transport in the US move to a 19th century city like NY, Boston, Philly or San Francisco.im from miami and well yea the traffic horrible the place is overpopulated if you ask me and to many cops!!!!!Because most people use their cars.Well, the good side buses. Never really had a problem.thers to many damn broke people in miami
always is cheaper to buy an round trip ticket , even if you are going back home! It is just common sense and it is quite obvious when you think about it a little...a O/W fare is more expensive because the airlines are basically agreeing to transport you to your destination without the guarantee that you will return to where you came from or that someone else wants a O/W ticket in the opposite direction. This uncertainty creates an extra responsibility for the airline b/c they have to fill that surplus seat that in the normal case of a R/T ticket would be generating revenue but in this case is not. To make up for this, they charge a premium for the service to make up for being shortchanged on the return segment.... . Take a simple example (the absurdity is used to illustrate the point):. . If you owned a taxi cab, and were asked to transport someone from New York City to Miami (roughly 1,300 miles one way, 2,600 R/T, a 3-day drive there and back, realistically) would you want to do it considering that there is most likely noone in Miami that wants to go to NYC by cab at or around the particular time you arrive in Miami and drop off your passenger, thus robbing you of the ability to be paid for driving the cab BACK to NYC. Taking into account that taking a cab on such a long trip is enormously expensive and a request such as this is odd and rare enough to guarantee that it would almost always be a one-way trip, you have to look at it from the perspective of "opportunity cost". The cabbie is not only giving up the fare of the return trip (Miami to NYC), but 3-days worth of "normal" cab fare that he would have made otherwise, any additional cost of fuel, lodging, and food resulting from being away from home, the potential for getting lost or off-track, various dangers of travelling long distances, etc etc...take that absurd example and think of a seat on an airplane instead and it is pretty easy to understandis that the case? when is that? while typing this, i check with my travelling agent website.... return ticket is expensive than one way...but if u buy 2 one way ticket, it will be a lot expensive than return ticket. maybe they are having some sort of special deal or something to promote u on their flight~!!Supply and the kind of demand.. . Those who actually buy those one ways are either a) businessmen whose companies are paying for the tickets, so it doesn't matter, or b) those you REALLY don't plan on returning to the US, and thus are probably willing to pay those prices.. . In our economy, the price is set according to what the market can bear... the airlines aren't completely insane (most of the time).The airline people are just nutts!!!
They get on, they get off.this is the 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000th time I have seen this bloody question!. . Im sick and tired of it and soon you will be running low on points!. . Once more.. . YOU GET OFF THE F U C * I N G PLANE AND RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN!. . Thats the only way to get out of an airport fast!. . Here is a good website to use!. . http://justfuckinggoogleit.com/How many times do we still to see this question????????????????????????
Great classical music (Bach, Beethoven, Brahms, Wagner), great art (Durer, Holbein, Ernst, Beuys), literature (Goethe, Mann, Kafka), philosophy (Kant, Schiller, Nietzsche, Hegel), film (Lang, Riefenstahl, Murnau, Herzog), and the list goes on.... http://www.germanculture.com.ua/index.htmlGreat automotive engineering, fine beer, white wine, Oktoberfest, unlimited-speed autobahns, classical composers, dressage horses and horsemanship, philosophers such as Schiller, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, and Marx.Kinder SupriseBEEROKTOBERFEST -  SLOSHFEST!I would say for its castles. The most famous one is probably Neuschwanstein.Mercedes, WW2, beer, pork knuckles and free education.@ The Boot. You sound like one unhappy camper. Hope you live in the States and not in Germany.. . P.S. German beer is COLD. Whoever drank the warm beer, sorry dude, you must have been in the wrong pubWW2 and beer :)soccer/footbal and also dirk nowitskiBerlin Wall, Adolf Hitler, warm beerAdolf Hitlor indeed.I know nothing more about Germanyhitler and 2nd wrold war.Being overbearing and lacking humourThe Germans invented alot of stuff.Albert Einstein is also from Germany. . And to Adolf Hitler (i hate that Bast%/ard) germans think the same of america with Bush (im a german-american). they think america sucks becouse of Bush!!!
I would visit the future by myself, travel back to the present with new inventions, pick up my girlfriend and my mom, travel to about 1900 with futuristic gear, change the course of black slavery, and go back to the present to see how much we've changed.A good tour through many many centuries might be a good idea! Very exciting thought: thank you for the idea!I'd go back to three days after Jesus 'supposedly' rose from the dead. It would certainly answer a lot of questions.1536 - Anne Boleyn is one of the most interesting people that I know of in history.  I would love to have the chance to see if she was really as bad as books have said she was and if her beheading was warranted.I'd go to the 1840's and stay in my home town. I'd compare the area with present times. There would also be a back woods lawyer that frequents the town to work and visit his dad and step mom that went by Abe Lincoln.i would return to the year before my dad died so I could spend it doing all the little things that we never got around to doingI would go into the future and see if my family was there like my great great great great great great great great great great grandson or daughter... Then I would steal something and claim I invented it when I got back to the present time and become rich and famous! Yeah
It's the best time of year as long as they don't have a freak cold front.. Happy Birthday, you old Capricorn, you!beaches get cold/. . expect to get coldDoes it matter? Isn't florida nice all year round except when its raining and hurricaning?It's really nice. I went there in February before and it was gorgeous at that time too.The Tampa area may be a little far north for the beach in January.  You might want to get a bit further south in Florida.  Key West is fantastic in January.Go as far south as possible, the frost belt dips into south Florida and can go down as far as Tampa. You should have them take you to Miami beach or if you can talk them into the drive go to Key west on the highway.  Hurricane seasons over with and they have a motel 6.You may want to look in to Miami ... I was there in January last year and it was absolutely beautiful!It depends if you wanna go swimming. If you wanna swim tell your mom too bring a flamethrower too thaw you out.I heard it's gonna be cold then but you can't be too sure this far away from January.
Mix 97.1 North Platte,NE is off the air too. I think they are having problems. It's been on and off for a week now.Communistic Democrats are back in power so they are going to put all good things out of business and take from rich responsible people who make our life better and give to the poor irresponsible people who are dedicated to making the US of A, a third world country.HOT 99.5 is up and working...they got rid of their morning show (hot morning mess) and the new guy starts on monday...boo to tht, but the station is working.I used to listen to it when I lived there but I listen online now.. try that and see if you can get it. www.hot995.com
I am a Filipino-American. I had stayed here in the Philippines most of my life. .   Filipinos are generally friendly, hospitable, hard working !  .   On the other hand, we had been influenced by the Spaniards for 300 years. This is the reason why most Filipinos are always late. FILIPINO time. Filipinos want to procrastinate a lot of things! Filipinos generally dont follow instructions. There is one manager, a foreigner, asking the Visual Acuity of most of the workers. I said most of them have 20/20 visions or normal visions, if they have abnormal visions, the company provides them eyeglasses on installment basis. However, the problem with Filipinos is that they dont follow instructions! . There are many Filipinos who only work for charity for the heck of showing it to the public, like posing in pictures being part of the medical mission well in fact, they just go from one medical mission to another & chat & submit these pictures & they usually win OUTSTANDING PHYSICIAN of the year! Most Filipinos I see holds & recite the rosary while their driver drives their vehicle, however, in the process, they say  bad words. Filipinos usually use the people, the church to show that they care for the people. I hope you get want I mean. Mostly are just showoffs but not sincere. They just want to win in politics.  Filipinos, even college professors are into FALSIFICATION of public documents. Some of them are being paid off in exchange for grades of some students. Filipinos will usually engage in GOSSIPPING & make fun of other people. .     However, when abroad, they usually follow rules & regulations.in my line of work i see many Filipinos. My answer may sound judgemental but im kind of pushing my thoughts based on what i see, and jokes they say amongst themselves. . by the way i work at a funeral home.. Filipinos are generally friendly at first, but also very judgemental, materialistic and self centered.. They are very open to filipinos but anyone else closed off. . In funerals they are very supportive as a community, often showing up wether they know the deceased or not. This sometimes seems nice, but on many occasions they do not enter the chapel, they just stand around outside, drink coffee and socialize. . Many of the funerals i attended were for young men. They apperently are very much into driving fast. many of them arent too good at it. . They also use funerals as a way of showcasing their talents. Anyone who thinks they can sing often sings a few songs. . . Its hard to think of many positives, i mostly heard negatives, and mostly from other filipinos.Filipinos are hospitable, nurturing and respectful. They are also very adaptable and they learn very quickly.. . What is wrong with Filipinos is that they don't know how to follow rules and they are not nationalistic enough (Who are they to blame, since the government itself is not something Filipinos can be proud of)philippines has the strenght of bribery,&selfishpride,and the weaknesses is libertyGood points:. Filipinos are hard working, God fearing, religious, helpful, courteous, affectionate, caring, friendly.. . Bad points:. Some Filipinos are hooked to tsismis(gossips), too much politics, too much showbiz, gambling, drinking like there's no tommorow.Good: Carefree, optimistic, social, family-oriented. . Bad: Materialistic, jealous, judgmental, very good at the art of denialThese are my answers from previous but similar questions.. . http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AlUVnFLcyk122bZFE3F7CITsy6IX?qid=20060828015517AAW09mw. . and. . http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AkfuwzU7jFKRHXo90J5KY._sy6IX?qid=20060924190552AAaFecg. . . Peace.i,ve been here in the philippines for 3 years, and i could say that they are hospitable and friendly...they have a lot of tourist spots here, specially Boracay and Palawan and Tagaytay... they love singing and watching teledramas...specially those from korea, china, taiwan, and japan...they're head over heels with it!We are cool.
maybe nothing maybe a lot... the result has to do with the chemistry between them!They probably would have an indepth conversation regarding the state of the economy..play tag or wrestleYoung boy and girl meeting alone ?  Whats happens is temptation.  And them being young their minds are not mature or wise enough to responsibility handle that temptation.please be specific,if they are brother & sisters ,then what ?they get NAKED!!!!Romance ---> Sex--->Pregnancy--->KIDbest thing in world will happens.It depends of their age. If they are children, they could play together. If they are teenager, they could chat, ignore each other, or flirt. . So it depends of their age, and of what each of them think of the other one...earthquake will come from their house.Naked Twister!!!They get to know each other better and are friends. Such friendship is a very good thing.It really all depends on the boy and girl. They might be mature enough to not do anything and just make a friendly conversation. Or they might do whats expected... you know what i'm talking about. But then again there's always the possibility of the young boy trying to talk the young girl and pressuring her into something she might not want to do.
Take the automated people mover. The first stop will be terminal 3. (There is no terminal 4)There's an airport transit system that runs between the terminals.  There's a specific tram that runs from terminal 5 to the domestic terminals (such as 3).
hmmm...Okayama during December must be chilly. I'm not sure if Okayama recieves a lot of snow. Oh well, I tried...LOL. ^_^it kinda depends where but it's cold but not too cold not below 0It'll be a bit chilly but I doubt it'll snow. Okayama is in the southern part of Japan. They don't get much snow, if any.. . In December, the average high is 52.3 F, 11 C and the average low is 36.7 F, 3 C.The cold dry air really cracks your skin.  When the wind blows from the west, it really carries a sharp chill that breaks through regular blue jeans.  Long wool trench coats seem to protect well.  . . www.weather.com is your friend.  Even better is weather.yahoo.co.jp , it has yearly averages.
depends on if you're a liberal or a conservative...  The town is fairly liberal and there are tons of college kids  It's very beautiful and close to denver.Boulder is a very nice town for families.  (Just don't expect your children to grow up to be political or social conservatives.). . PS - Boulder is less liberal than Colorado Springs is conservative.Boulder is the perfect example of liberalism gone way out of control.  I'm not a conservative by any means, but those Boulderites are completely out of their minds.  If you're looking for a decent place to live in the Denver area, try Englewood or Centennial.  If you're looking for a nice town in Colorado, just generally, try Fort Collins.It's great, if you're a liberal.  :)  We don't call it the "People's Republic of  Boulder" for nothing.. . Seriously, good parents can raise good children anywhere.  Boulder is a nice town.just don't enter your daughter in any beauty pageants and you'll do fineVERY Liberal ...
Try Start>Run then type "Charmap"  - this should let you choose any character you want.  . Alternatively,  for the £ sign,  try Alt156 or Alt163. . Hope that helps!Go to "insert" on the toolbar and select "symbols". They should be in there.
Depends on what you consider Chrismas Eve.. . Many offices are closed the Friday before our Monday Christmas.. . If you're talking about Friday, bars in Chicago will be open until 5.. . If you're talking about Sunday, I reckon they'll probably close much earlier.3am - you will also have after hours bars that are open until 5am.I would guess it depends on the bar.  If you are looking to go to certain ones, then I would call ahead and found out when they are closing.Different bars close at different times. Some will close at their regular hours (On sunday, the latest a bar can stay open is4 a.m., if they have a 4 a.m. license). Some might close early because A) most of the people are at home wrapping presents or left town or B) the people who work at the bar want to get home and do their last minute shopping, wrap their own gifts, etc. So I guess it all depends on where you are.
the time difference between Bangkok, Thailand & India is only 1.5 hours. for example, if Bangkok time is 22:20, then the time in India is 20:50.http://www.worldtimeserver.com/current_time_in_IN.aspxIn Thailand, you are 1.30 hours ahead. Thailand time is UTC+7 and India time is UTC+5.30.
Smooth sex in a tight bathroom on an airplane, preferably while it is  in the air at a high altitude.  Just don't get your foot stuck in the, well, toilet hole.  No one likes blue wet socks.doin the nasty when no one else knows what you are doing!The generally accepted criteria to be part of the "Mile High Club" is to have sexual intercourse at an altitude of at least 5,280 feet above sea level in an aircraft in flight.  (the last part is necessary to prevent people from claiming to be part of the Club by having sex in Denver).It is when you have sex on an airplane while it is in the airsex in airplane..while in flightThis is when 2 people have sex while on an airplane. Usually it is in the rest room, sometimes under blankets.If you have sex in an airplane while flying, you are part of the "Mile High Club".
Poor advertising, lack of governmental cooperation on all levels.  Tourism has never fully recoverd from 9/11 and SARS.  Plus add in a strong Canadian dollar we are not as attractive as we once were.just got back from canada . .      great country nice people has some beautiful countryside.and the rocky mountains breathtaking.. . its there loss if they don't go but don't see many adverts for  canada more publicity is requiredCanada doesn't easily grant visas to their country. You have to prove with lots of documents and reason out that you will be back after your vacation. This could be a reason for international travelers to skip out on this beautiful country.Plus alot of people associate the impression if we are so close to the US that we are as rude and anti-foreigner as they are.. . There we almost 20 states that we try to pass laws that would have made english the offical language of the state.. . Here in Canada we embrace our mulit-cultural mosaic, we don't judge you by you background or religous faith.. . And as the one person said the governments promotion of the country is not strong, I to was in the Hospitality business, a chef with hotels, restaurants and resorts and travelled to all provinces and worked in 8, plus a stint in Jamaica.. . Most Canadians are respected in other countrys for our good statis on the world stage, but still there is a bit of a misconseption we are more like American than we are.
If you're American - you don't need a VISA to travel to Ireland. You can get there by plane, train, or AutoDepends on where you are traveling from an your nationality. You should contact your nearest Irish Embassy or Consultate.
The number you need to dial for overseas calls DOES vary from country to country. where are you ?dial 00912024467680 or 912024467680Dial +91 for India, followed by 20 for Puna (not 020), then 24467680.. . 00912024467680Dial . 00912024467680. It will work.This is correct number what you have mentioned. To dial internationally from the USA, you have to dial "011" , then country code (91), city code (20) and then local number of the city (24467680).
may?p a b?ngi    =     Good night ... . macalal?  = bless you.. . or . ingat ka = take care... . You will maybe notice that this dialect spoken by 2,3 million people in the Philippines is not that similar to the Tagalog national language ...good night = mayap a bengi.. . take care = mimingat ka.
I suggest you to travel by bus, if you have less luggage. Otherwise auto rickshaw.Cochin International airport is 4 km away from the national Highway. So no chance of walking outside and picking a bus,.. Nedumbassery airport is nearly 32km away from Ernakulam Jn.. There are pre paid taxi services at both the domestic and international airports. They would charge you approximately  Rs 400 for the service. For your information, there are no autorikshas available at the airport. How ever there are some KSRTC buses outside that connects to many destinations in kerala. But these buses are timed and one cannot find them always. The best option is to take a taxi. Take a taxi to Aluva which is the nearest town, (approximately 9Km from airport). It wont cost you much. However the taxi driver may not be so happy taking such a short trip. However be strict, he will have to come, as it is a prepaid taxi, Dont give him any tips,.And from there you can board any line bus (all red coloured) to ernakulam.
4 members of a Dalit (lower caste) family were killed by upper caste members in Nasik, Maharshtra. Then 2 days ago the statue of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, a revered leader of the dalits and one of the architects of the Indian constitution was desecrated at Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh Pradesh in North India. This has led to riots  in Bombay by members of the Dalit community where they went berserk burning bogies of 2 trains , pelting rocks on and burning  buses and basically creating a law and order problem. ISomething to do with someone not sharing their last Rolo.Poverty. But the anger is directed elsewhere - religionMembers of India's hardline Hindu Shiv Sena party have rioted in Mumbai after a statue of their leader's former wife was vandalised.. . The party members pelted buses with stones, forced shops to close and blocked sections of a major highway. Police used teargas to disperse crowds.. . Arup Patnaik, the city's police commissioner said the entire city had been put on alert, and he was trying to regain control.. . Mr Patnaik said: "We are in dialogue with Shiv Sena leaders and hope to bring the situation under control soon.". . Two tourist buses were burned by protesters, who also called for a strike in the neighbourhoods of Dadar, Worli and Navi Mumbai.. . Workers at Mumbai's domestic airport also went on strike, and protests were reported in the cities of Aurangabad, Nashik and Nagpur in the western Maharashtra state.. . It is not known who defaced the statue of Minatai, Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's former wife.This is the first I have heard of it and if your first answerer is right, then these people lead a sadder life than I and I hadn't thought that possible.. There has to be some deeper rooted cause than someone defacing a statue doesn't there?
The way to Florence from London is either:. 1) Fly with Meridiana from London Gatwick (LGW) to Florence direct. They offer 3 departures per day departing LGW at: 09:45, 14:50 and 19:55. One way from London to Florence on the 4th December comes in at 92Euros / £62.. 2) Ryanair offer 3 flights per day from London Stansted to Pisa at 06:30, 08:20 and 17:30. One way from London Stansted to Pisa on the 4th December comes in at cheapest £10. Most expensive is £115.. Both can be found on the airlines websites.Alitalia Airlines flight 207 from Heathrow to Rome, and Alitalia flight 1681 form Rome to Florence. There are no one-ways from Gatwick, Heathrow or Stanstead to Florence.You can fly with Meridiana 3 times a day from Gatwick to Florence .. http://www.meridiana.it/IG/pages/home_en.aspx. . Another possibility is to fly to Pisa, but the transfer will be round about 1 hr to Florence.. . Have a nice evening. K.Maybe an airplane?
It's difficult to think of anything non-food related for Yorkshire (we must spend too much time on food!). . How about some Yorkshire recipe books or even a couple of books about things to see and do in Yorkshire? There are lot with more pics than words if you need something which non-English speakers would understand.Yorkshire cheese cake. it is a curd tart not like the sickly biscuit based cheese cakes bought in supermarkets. You can but them in Bettys tea shops in York and Harrogate, but I'm sure any small bakery in Yorkshire will sell them.Bakewell tart,Samuel Smiths beer,and a recipe for yorkshire pudding.As the French love cheese, why not take them back some Wensleydale Cheese, real Yorkshire dish.Go to Knaresborough, and get some fidget pies.  Also sold at Harrogate market.Pontefract Cakes or growlers (pork pies)Puddings .... I met loads of them when I was in Yorkshiregday . i use to live in barnsley . what u need to take back its an old classic cooking recepi . they are called yorkshire puddings very easy to make . ask any one there and they will give it to you.. there very simple to do and there a big hitYorkshire Gold teaa yorkshire team football top like leeds united barnsley, sheff wednesday or sheff united or the film "kes" its a yorkshire classic along with the "full monty" and "brassed off "I think as long as you take back NO DISEASES, they will be happy!A good recipe for Yorkshire pudding!
Because I have to lift up your bag, not you.  And people of size might have to pay for an extra seat if they don't fit in one.Same old question. Seen it here so many times. Answer from a size 10 UK.  Have heard it all before, could have saved youself 5 pionts not asking this cr*p.I was told that they had to pay double, and so they shud, unless got medical probOh my fricken god!. . . You are such a f****** b****. . There is nothing wrong with fat poeple, it is their choice to eat what they want. . . . . What if you end up being fat?!?. . . i hope you do so then people can make fun of you for it!!!!. . . grrrrr i HATE you and i don't even like youI do know that certain airlines do require people over certain size limits to purchase two seats. Not to be mean, but most economy class seats are small for an average person, and if you can't fit, you just can't fit. It's probably a traveler's nightmare to have an overly large person seated next to them, and taking a portion of the already cramped space you have. But, look on bright side, if you have to buy two seats, you should get two meals.There have been cases where a person is so obese that they require 2 seats and have been charged for 2 seats.I don't know but as a small, light person I think it should be done on weight. Parcels are charged by weight so for us light people they should either charge us less, or allow us to bring more carry on luggage - it's only fair!! (and yes I'm serious).Fat people do pay extra for air travel, they have to pay for the extra seat they take up.why dont skinny people pay less!. . why dont men with huge willies pay more!!!
I am sorry about your father. I don't think there is any problem. I don't know in what kind of vessel they are in or exactly how you would like to carry them. I don't think you would need to declare them. Best of luck and take care.no problem at all.. Sorry for your loss but I can empathise with your desire to bring his ashes to his father.. No permission required - maybe visit the church & introduce yourself when you arrive.. Have a pleasant journey.. God bless.
Motels have an outside entrance to individual rooms.  Hotels do not (or at least, they also have an interior door).hotels are indoors, which your door opening up into an enclosed hallway. Where as motels open up outside, to a sidewalk, usually the parking lot.. . Hotels tend to be more fancy and expensive where as motels are not.motels are  more dirtier and hotels are more luxuriousa hotel has higher standards than a motel.. . motels were designed primarily for motorists so they are near the road and typically have rooms arranged in a low building with parking right outside. they are very basic and generally self catering - in-expensive for the most part.. . hotels provide accomodation and meals as well as information and such for tourists. they also have the use of a gym and swimming pool (as long as they are above three stars) and have room service etc. they range in price and are generally more suited for holidays or staying for an extended period of time.A HOTEL is a building that is at least 5 or more story's high. A. MOTEL is a building that is smaller about 1 to 2 stories high. Or 3 to 4 stories high. It also depends on the company,like Holiday inn is always a HOTEL because they are a big company that wants to make alot of money. Most MOTELS are privately owned.Motels aren't as nice, and not usually suitable for extended stays.. As a musician, I spend a lot of time in fine American hotels.always thought you motored up to your room in a motel. hotel ??I like your question but the best site to answer it is below at stupid questions answered.com.There is no difference so they say, I've always wondered this myself but always forgot to look into it.  It really is a good question!hotel rooms are from the inside and motel rooms are from the outsideHotels: you go inside the building to reach your room door. . Motel: you reach your room door from outside.good question!  I believe that hotels are bigger, better, expensive.  Motels in the other hand are kind of nasty.   I guess its called a Motel, with M because you get your Mobile Auto inside and then you get off to the room...  It must have to be with the way you park!
a littel cold with a little hotHi,,, i was in Cairo in Feb and it was cool during the day even with the Sun out,, and colder at night.... .  You will like it probably.... .  good luckvery hot in luxor and along the nile but if you go to somewhere like hurghada or el gouna you will find there is a very pleasant sea breeze that cools you down, but some days it can get quite strong. but personaly i think the red sea area is boring and has no culture just hotels and tourists, go to cairo or luxor!Hot and dry.February is one of winter months here in Egypt but most days in this month is worm .. be sure you will enjoyIt is nice and warm, though not too hot, around 20-25 degrees C ( dont know in F)I was in Egypt at Christmas this year and it was hot. We stopped in Hurghada on the red sea so it was quite windy on some days but red hot out of the wind. When we visited Luxor it was extremely hot with no wind but Cairo was cooler (but still in the 30`s).Little bit cold in the city...and warm in the desert. But u try to cover ur hair becoz it is windy and even in Cairo ur hair gets the sand and it goes dry...so u better cover it.The weather is hot, dry and sunny.  I love that time of year as it's not so hot that you can't move without sweating and the evenings are cool.  Wear sunscreen unless you want to get burnt to a crisp.  A half hour in the sun unprotected could mean days of dicomfort.warm and clearI went to Egypt in Feb this year and it was very hot and I got burnt, I'm not very pale skinned so was quite surprised I did so I'd say take t-shirts and shorts as it was wam.
Hong Kong is 1:30hrs ahead of India. Eastern Time. If it is 10:30 AM in India it must be 12 Noon in Hong KongHongkong is 2.5 hours ahead of India. If it is 9:30AM in India , it is 12PM in hongkong.Hong Kong is 2hrs 30 mins ahead India. If it is 3.00 p.m. in India,then it must be 5.30 p.m. in Hong Kong.
He was a terrorist and stood behind all the suicide attacks and bombings against innocent Israeli people! He was a part of the major terrorist groups and he did nothing to stop terrorist acts by his people.Yasser was a General during the six day war. After he got his butt kicked he wrote the book on hijacking plans. He started the PLO.hE IS DEAD, HE WANTED CONFLICT SO HE COULD STEAL MILLIONS IF NOT OVER A BILLION DOLLARS FROM THE WORLD.  HE WAS EGYPTIAN TRAINED BY THE USSR TO CAUSE TROUBLE FOR THE USA, WHICH HE DID A GREAT JOB.  NOW HE IS DEAD.i DON'T THINK THAT THIS QUESTION  BELONGS  IN THE FORUM "TRAVEL". iT SHOULD BE IN POLITICS AND GOVERMENT.
its not difficult.just make sure that you're fit enough.Traine urself by just walking around, then u be ok.when u climb, just rest 2-3 times not more than that, coz when u want to start to walk again it would be torture.i've climbed twice & its a piece a cake. And dont forget ur wind breaker & gloves.You dont "climb" mount kinabalu...you can simply "walk" upWell I took three stout men there back in '28 and we were forced back by blizzards, mudslides and giant snakes. Mind you, we only wore a tweed three piece and a took packed lunch of spam and apples...I did it!! and im 22 and unfit!! but i did practice doing uphill hikes for a week or two before the climb. Do train as much as possible!!For those who really into outdoors and rock climbing, they won't have any problems..or some people might say,used to the slippery,muddy, sharp edges and the insects and other slippery creatures that you would find or come across espesially at mount kinabalu..Kinabalu has some of the richest oak forests in the world with over 40 different oak species recorded. . . Here the Summit Trail itself starts, marked at intervals of 5 chains (50 chains = 1 km.; 80 chains = 1 mile), leading past the Power Station and following the crest of a narrow ridge that dips down onto the main slopes of Kinabalu itself. A little further on, there is a waterfall where waterbottles can be filled. This is known as Carson's Falls, named after the first Warden of this Park. Liverworts and mosses grow luxuriantly in the fine spray of water. A Common moss is Dawsonia, one of the largest in the world, that can reach 3ft (1 m) in height. though it is usually much less. Nearby the KINABALU BALSAM (Impatiensplatyphylla) can usually be found, a delicate little herb growing in between rocks at the edge of the path. Rhododendrons are now more common - the SLENDER- LEAVED RHODODENDRON (Rhododendron stenophyllum) is a lovely sight in bloom.its a piece of cake....just like a baby trying to walk, u fall down a few steps but you get up and try again and at last you will succeed.not too difficult... as i have done it myself. but you have to train yourself in climbing stairs and also your stamina as not to get exhausted during your climb ^_^if you have a pair of legs.. not difficult at all!Very difficult, because i don't know how to climb.
depends on which city you are in canada. we are usually nine(west coast of canada) to twelve hours(east coast of canada) ahead if you live  in the philippines.Depends on which part of Canada you're in.if you are in Ontario specifically near Scarborough, 10 pm there is 10 am i Manila ,so 1pm there is 1 am Manila time, get it?We are 18th Of Nov. here in Canada,  Phil.  right now is already Nov. 19. so approximately 12 hours difference.Approximately 12 hours ahead.I'm in the U.S. CST time zone, and the Philippines is now 14 hours ahead.. It jumps back and forth from 13 to 14 hours here because of time changes.. Their are no time changes within the Philippines.. that I'm aware of.
I'm from Florida originally and I go home for Christmas every year. It's very hit and miss. Often I'm there for 2 weeks, one may be cold and then one will be really hot. Plan for both, but it will never be as cold as the UK in winter! You'll get some hot and sunny days for sure, but you may need jumpers for part of the time.I live in Orlando. In December we rarely drop below 60 degrees Fahrenheit; we may get a cold-snap for a few days (generally it's once per year and last 3-4 days) where the temperature will drop to 35 at night and stay at about 50 during the day.. If you're from up north and bring a light jacket, you should be fine.A lot better than in ManchesterShould be pretty nice. I have family that moved there from New England, and I have pictures of them on Christmas day outside wearing shorts!. . I hope it is going to be great, I am going there the first week of December!i think it is still nice and warm , i went in febuary and it was 80 degrees. but i am not sure if it is the hurricane season or if it has finished .It will be like a Spring in the UK.. . Highs 73. . Lows 52. . Average 63. . 2 .15 inches of rain.Hi, Florida in December gets cold as well.  But you won't need a coat.  A jumper and maybe one layer underneath.  Nothing serious.  They have had some frost in the past but that was during that El Nino effect period.  If you are from the UK, believe me, it will be nice.  Enjoy it!pack for warm and cool, it could be either. usually pretty warm, but i go every december and we always get a cold snap while we're there. yes, its certainly warmer than uk, but 50 in florida can be pretty cold since its so damp, also a lot of wind in orlando, so bring a jumper or windbreaker for evenings. enjoyme and my daughter are going to walt disney world on 30th november for 2 weeks flying from the uk i have asked this question and ive been told it will be warm not that horrible humid weather they get in the summer but the eveings will be quite cool or they could get a cold front that could come in and make it cold a few days what ever the weather we will still have a good time just pack a bit of everything like we have have a good timeWe are going there too in dec and have been told that we need to bring fleeces,scarves and hats as the evening can get quite chilly but apart from that just normal clothes during the day. We read some posts on thedibb.co.uk which told us what to expect.
It varies widely by county. In general we have  Lower taxes, lower real estate prices, cheaper gas and better traffic then Noth Jersey or Long Island.sameThe last I looked was about 6 or 7  years ago, but at the time a 3 Br house in Yonkers near where I lived was sold for 225,000. . Around the same time frame, my parents sold my childhood home...a 4br 2 car garage corner lot, much nicer neiborhood and schools than were in Yonkers for 167,000.  I realize prices have skyrocketed since then, but the difference probably is still on par.The suburbs of philly, where I grew up, are much cheaper than the suburbs of new york.  my brother lives in the suburbs of new york, and it's expensive.  Look it up on a real estate website or www.realtor.com.
major transit systems in the Bay Area:. Cal Train. San Francisco Municipal Railway (buses, cable cars, trolleys). Golden Gate Transit (buses and ferries). Sonoma County Transit. Blue and gold Fleet (ferries). AC Transit (buses around Contra Costa, ALameda counties and transbay to SF). You could ride transit from the Russian River to South San Jose. . Enjoy. Where are you going to go to college?CABLECARS!!!!!of course. bicycle-free and available whenever and whereever you want to go. and great for the waistlineWhatever you do,make sure you do well in English 101
Hungary is a country (it really is, I live there!), while angary is the name given to the right of a belligerent to seize and apply for the purposes of war any kind of property on belligerent territory.Well, if the spelling is right, 'H' should be a capital letter - Hungary is a country, in Europe. There is no English word, called 'angary'. If it is 'angry', the meaning is 'showing of anger'. Hungry is 'need for food'.The initial H!. . +IT is Hungry ( need or desire for food ) & ANGRY ( means annoyed )
The question isn't entirely clear. Personal safety risks are insignificant as Cuba is one of the safest countries in the region. Risks associated to the U.S. legislation on Cuba (assuming you are a citizen or a legal permanent resident) would apply only insofar as you are caught violating the Helms-Burton Act, which doesn't explicitly prohibit travel to Cuba, but prohibits any commercial transactions (including basic purchases while in Cuba) without the expressed consent by the OFAC (Office of Foreign Assets Control) in Miami.. . The chance of being denied entry into Cuba by Cuban authorities are nil, provided that you have a valid travel document, that you fill out a tourist card, and that you don't carry prescribed substances or pose a threat to Cuban security.Cuba is absolutely beautiful and one day it will be open to US residents.  Wait a while before heading there illegally. Castro will be displaced soon and I believe that the US rules will change soon after.. So don't risk a $25,000 fine maybe jail time too..   - just wait a while.. Cheersthe risk are you can be fined 25.000 dollars and a year in jail and loss of your passport, the chances being denied  are ultra slim. i spent 8 days there , dont use a credit card brings lots of new bills small notes, dont buy cigars off the street they are duds only frrom the factory outlet direct
ye we went 2 years ago and found kissmee golf club after 1 pm. 25 dollars inc buggy per person. cheap fun friendlyWait until dark then sneak on the course.  Sorry, couldn't resist.. The later in the day you plan on teeing off, the better the fees are going to be.  Municipal courses will be your best rates but Winter rates just went into effect so expect higher fees.
00 66 2. . code for Bangkok is 2, then proceed with the contact no.I don't know you call from where?. . This website can help you. Everywhere you stay call to bangkok Thailand.. . http://www.countrycodes.com/+ 66 , then ur numberwhere are you calling from?  you need to give all the facts.From USA dial 011-66 then the numberLandline: +66 2 then the number. . Mobile: +66 then the number but drop the first 0.
Rain, rain, rain.No it's not all that warm plus it's windy which makes it feel like it's freezing and their is a lot of rain. But if you do go there go to Captain Georges for lunch or dinner you be in food heaven make sure you go.
use a mapask the driver and if he is nice he will tell you the bus numbers to take. other wise try to find a bus schedule somewhereAsk at the airport information desk or ask someone at the university. There will  definitely be a bus.
Yes, there is.  Depends upon your background and what you are interested in.  Pick up some of the local magazines, they have a lot of info.just in case you are not kidding - to fit in better, learn to speak the language - hold your chin in place with your hand and move only your head up and down to speak, while your jaw stays stationary - this will force your speech to sound southernYou can be a socialite if your a millionaires daughter or son!! I think most socialites come from NY, LA, Houston and Dallas (oil cities) and London, UK. . . I guess there are some in Atlanta, but not as famous as Paris Hilton.
yeah it will most likely be cold. dress warm!!I can't tell you how it'll be this year because I'm not a meteorologist so... just be prepared for it to be cold, because chances are it will be cold. If it's windy, then it'll feel way colder. I doubt if it would snow...it doesn't really snow too often, although I'd like it to. You might be able to search the weather from the previous years and predict it from that.Colder than heck.yes its coldAssume it'll be rather cold.  Probably in the 30's, and you could see some sleet, freezing rain or even snow.  It's rare for us to get major amounts of snow - but you never know.  The last few winters have been pretty mild - so it probably won't be too bad - but again - it's unpredictable.very cold. snowy and windy
As you leave your plane, walk toward Baggage Claim and Ground Transportation.  You will walk across a pedestrian bridge that goes over the highway and you will see Railroad Tracks.  Take the Elevator or the steps down to the Regional Rail Tracks.  A train arrives every 30 minutes to take you to 30th Street Station.There is a regional rail called RR1 that goes from the airport to 30th street station. Check out septa.org for more information. It's about a 15 minute train ride.TAXI.  or take the train....it is one there that takes you directly to the 30th street station
Take a sedative drug that would calm you down during the flight. Alot of people do that.Well,regarding your fear of flying I can just tell you that it's surely much safer than other way of travelling.For example it's more dangerous and risky by car.If I were you I wouldn't be scared of being alone on such a long journey.You actually won't be alone and those plains are very comfortable so that you will have a lot of things to do while flying,like watchig a movie,video games,listening music and even walk because their aisles are quite wide.Believe,once you get on one of those plains,you forget your fear.Yoga breathing. Really, it helps. I work at a camp taking out kids on backcountry trips and whenever they have  anxiety or asthma attacks, we sit down and practice yoga breathing. Or take a lot of Dramamine/ Tylenol PM. I took Tylenol PM when I flew to Israel - 12 hour plane ride, and it did the trick pretty well.I just flew for the first time, and I was really scared!! I admit, it was not a very long flight, but the idea of flying really scared me. I was alone, and I had to leave everything behind, including family and friends. But, it was worth it. Once I got on the plane the person next to me talked me through it. I never said anything to the flight attendants, but I`m sure if you let them know how you feel, they will help you. Go for it!! Do not pass up a good thing. I`m glad I didn`t!! You`ll be fine. Good luck.they are pros at this....routine as eating a steak..... you should put your unfounded apprehension to rest..Is this your fist time in an airplane? If so maybe you could schedule a short flight near home to get some experience with it first. I'm sure the flight crew have gone through extensive training for such passengers. I would advise them before you board that you might be feeling uneasy about the flight and if they could look in on you from time to time that would help. Ask if you could board first so you can have extra time to get used to the situtation before take off. Be sure to reserve a seat on the isle. These seats are the most open and are the easest to get up from and take walks during flight. On a long trasatlantic flight it is important to get up and walk around a lot. Besides there is not a lot to look at out the window anyway. . . . Try and get comfortable during the flight. I would talk to a doctor and ask what he could perscribe for you. Maybe some vailum or sleeping pills would be helpful to keep you calm. You'll want to try and sleep if possible. I suggest getting one of those travel pillows. They look like a U-shaped pillow you put behind your neck. These will help you sleep while in a seated position. Bring music to listen to and reading material. Try to engage your neighbor in conversation to take your mind off of the flight. Don't be overly friendly though some people don't want to be bothered.. . One of my rules for flights is to always watch the inflight movie they'll show you no matter if you've seen it before or you think you won't like it. They will sell you some headphones for a couple of dollars or you can bring your own. Watching a movie will take your mind off of the flight and will make two hours go by in a snap. Better yet if you have one of those dvd players or a laptop with a dvd player bring that and some movies to play.. . If you are thinking of drinking alchol to calm youself I can't tell you how well that'll work. I get really dehydrated on flights and sometimes develope headaches and so drinking alchol would only make that worse. Bring some bottled water if you can or ask for some from the crew when in flight(not sure if the airlines are allowing passengers to bring bottled liquids anymore).. . Good luck and enjoy the flight.. . -private pilotThey talk people through it. Most international flights have US Air Marshalls on them, so if they overwhelmed stewards cannot handle it anymore, they give the person over to the marshall, who in turn tries to calm them down, or uses brute force. The important thing, is that panic is infectious - so they try to isolate the problem, and deal with it quickly. If you get afraid, try taking some 'Nutri-Calm, by Naturessunshine.com. It helps SOOOO much.
You may have to call the Australian immigration department, because if you hold residency status and you leave the country for an extended amount of time your residency may be affected, when you contact them explain the situation that your in and I wouldnt see why they would have a problem with you leaving and coming back again, providing thats what you want to do.. Entering the USA you shouldnt have any problems with, if you you are planning on staying for the normal 3 month visitors visa, if your planning to stay longer than your 3 months but intend on returning to Australia then I would again contact the Immigration department before you go, also contact the US Immigration department to see what steps, if any, you will have to follow to stay in the country indefinatly.. . I hope this helpsIf your son is an American Citizen, he has the right to have his mother and father, in American with him.  He only needs to apply to the US State Department and the US Immigration Services.. . You should contact both the US Embassy where you are and the US State Department in America!
This time of year it is fairly cool. You will want to pack sweaters and sweat shirts.Make sure you take a jacket as well. Temps in the 50's and 60's. Lake effect winds there as well.It Never Hurts To Carry Extra Pair of Socks And Sweaters
I'd think they'd have to get a visitors visa, or not, depending on which country they're from.. . Contact Canada's immigration department or check their official website.As a  visitor visa, but you have to prove that you have money to invite them.
11:46 PM. Check out the site below for official time in various time zones in the U.S. Take care!11:45 p.m.11:39:46 PM
Its usually 15-20 percent of a food bill.In Canada, the tipping rate for most services, including restaurants is supposed to be 15%; however, in reality, most locals tip 10%-12%, based on the pre-tax amount.  Others, who tell you 20%, must work in the hospitality industry.  I don't know anyone here who tips that much.tip 15 to 20 percent at a resturaunt and tip atleast a dollar a drink at a bar. Im a bartender and I can tell you the more you tip the better, faster, and more efficent your service is. Even if its just a beer, a dollar per drink.As a former waiter at a fine dinning restaurant in Honolulu, 15-20% of total of the bill. If you were a Japanese tourist, I would let them know and add the tip in.wow, someone w/sense!  you're such a thoughtful person and i like that:)  tip here is 15%.I am an Aussie who goes to the U.S. quite a bit...... . Tip 10% always and only tip 15% if the service was exceptionally good..... . Be careful at restuarants...... sometimes the tip is already included in the bill and if thats the case then dont tip them any further..... . Make sure you always tip at restaurants where you have waiter service, at a bar if getting a drink or when in a taxi..... dont tip at your hotel unless someone specifically goes out of there way for you and even in that case $1 or $2 is plenty....
I think you should take a plane from england to where you want in Europe because england is an island!! no train to join europe to england...you could take a train to france or belgium( there are lots of trains through the english channel to and from france) and then another one to...i don't think there are trains travelling straight to bulgaria; i think you have to change trains in vienna or budapest or bucharest. the journey takes lots of time and that's not comfortable as you have to change trains too. my advice is to take a plane. good luck !just buy a a ticket with eurrail
Go on-line and map quest for directions.Take the 15 to I-40 then take US route 95 North.  Then you are basically there.as it was before i would stay away from I-15.. I would take I-10 east to 95 north....I-15 is open.....    TRAFFIC IS SUBJECT TO LANE REDUCTIONS IN EACH DIRECTION FROM MAIN ST  . /IN BARSTOW/ TO 12.5 MI SOUTH OF BAKER /AT RASOR RD/ (SAN BERNARDINO CO) . 24 HRS A DAY FROM 0800 HRS MONDAY TO 0800 HRS FRIDAY THRU 1/31/07 - DUE TO  . CONSTRUCTION - MOTORISTS ARE SUBJECT DELAYS OF UP TO 45 MINUTESWhy would you purposely want to go to laughlin???Try the Inland Empire Message Board: http://mycitycorona.proboards106.com/index.cgi
Immigration won't give you any information.. Call the airline and check if your friend was on that flight, and then just wait for him to contact you.. . Sorry to hear that. I hope everything ends fine.Help for Stranded Travelers. To assist stranded travelers, JFK International Airport features information booths located on the arrivals levels of all terminals. Additionally, Travelers Aid is located in the arrivals area of Terminal 6. Call: +1 718 656 4870.I doubt that immigration would help you.  The airlines might help but in today's era of terrorism they might not!  . . Do you have confirmation that he/she got on the plane?  Start checking on the departure end.  If you have proof that they were on the flight then you should probably phone the airport police.   They have the official capacity to help you find a passenger.
bai is the romanji writing of by or bye.. kawaii means cute.. So bai bai kawaii would mean something like Good-bye cute.. A typically wierd japanese phrase.Probably, you mean "bali bali kawaii".. . "bali bali" is like "shlt-hot",  means extremely.. . so, you are  "bali bali kawaii" is you are "sh*t-hot" pretty.I agree with KClark, I think it's the equivalent of 'bye-bye cutie!'. . However, in all fairness, I have to point out that there IS another possibility for bai-bai -. ?? ?????? (n,vs) trade; buying and selling; . ???? (exp) bye-bye; good-bye. . If it was spoken, the tone should tell you if the person meant 'bye bye' or not. If it was written in katakana it would be bye-bye. If it was written in hiragana it would be buying and selling. If it was in romaji, like you have it here, you can see why romaji has it's limitations..!!. ; )
Why is this question filed under United Kingdom?Aproximately 122-124 miles, depending where you're going on campus.. . Check out Yahoo Maps for a general idea.. . Most of the trip is down US 169 & I-94.
I take 50 dollars a week and have that direct deposited into a "vacation account" I don't have an ATM card for that and i vow that i won't touch it for anything. The last time i got a raise i took that extra money and put it towards the vacation fund. As long as you are strict with yourself....u should have no problem and when it comes time for the vacation....you are going to be VERY happy that you did it!Actually, it's easiest to save for a cruise, because you can book a cruise with a down payment, and then you can wait until some date (like 70 days before sailing) to get the full payment to them. So, collect up a few hundred dollars, find a cruise, book it with the money you have, and then keep sending them money as you get it until it's paid for.I don't know your budget but I am a single person that purchased a time share some time ago with only a small amount per month.. I am now able to travel the USA and the world abroad. The only cost is my plane ticket or i could easily drive within short distance, etc.  I have paid a total of $5,000. over a period of 5 years. I will have accomodations for the rest of  my life and be able to pass it down to my family.  You are welcome to use my place if you like?  It was a  smart investment on my part!My credit union has a "vacation club", which is a savings account that you don't have easy access to.  I have money taken out of each check and put into the account.  I can give the union 2 dates per year that I want to use the money and they will send me a check for the predetermined amount or just move it to my checking account on the appointed date.  I get interest on the money also.I'll let you in on a secret I developed yrs ago. Every time I got paid, or a check, I'd take a little out in change. Let me explain. Let's say I got a ck for $400 dollars. I'd go to the bank and deposit $380 of it, the other $20 i'd get back in change and put into a large jar. In a year, I had $1,100. dollars. Some say why dont you just put it in the bank? Sometimes money in the bank is money spent. Try this for a year. If both of you do this, I guarantee you'll be cruising soon enough. Good luck  : 0)This works for my wife and i, figure out how much the trip is going to cost,the total sum, add 15%( unexpected expenses) and divide by 52 (weeks) this should give you a idea on how much to save per week, if you get a raise at work put that towards it also, If your not in a big hurry to go on vacation,and willing to sit back for 1.5/2 yrs, this will give you enough money to enjoy some thing you deserve, and if something does come up you have the funds for that, hope this works for you, Dave..saving for a cruise is easy a travel agent will book your cruise for a down payment and then you have until 90 days before it sails to pay it off  shorter the cruise smaller the down .. call a agent in your townIt was fifteen years before we went on our first one.  We took a three day to Nassau because it was cheap, about $1100 for the whole thing.  We also live about 2 hours from the port in Florida, so that helps a lot.  For our next one, we waited and cashed in on a couple of past guest specials.the best way is to have a savings account that you can not touch for a few years and have money direct debeted each month. this way you wont even know its gone. if you save £10 per week after 2 years its £1040...I can't save money because I have a modest salary and lots of expenses, BUT, I discovered that  the only way I can get out on vacations is by using my visa card, then when I return I start paying for it. Maybe it's wrong, but I've been doing that for the last 3 years, and it works!!! Because if you are thinking on saving, something always will come up and you are going to use that money, but if you already owe it, you know you have to pay it. I'm going on a cruise to Alaska next year thanks to VISA.
I've never heard a definitive answer on this, but the going rumors have been: .  Pierre L'Enfant's dislike for John Jay, but this is unlikely because the DC historical society says the grid was Jefferson's idea.. . Others say there is no J because of the similarity between I and J (which I don't understand because I also looks like the number 1 and is most often spelled 'eye street'). . The explanation I always liked was that  the classic Roman alphabet did not have a J in it. . . Another cool piece of DC trivia:. The length and prominence of the diagonal states are based on their role in the American Revolution (why Pennsylvania, Massachusetts and New York are so prominent.)The most plausible explanation is that J Street was omitted because the letters I and J were often indistinguishable from each other (especially when handwritten), and in 18th century English they were still largely interchangeable. (The 1740 "New General English Dictionary" published in London had a single section for I and J, and the standard identification Thomas Jefferson used on his personal possessions was "T.I.") Having both an "I" and a "J" street would have been redundant at best and confusing at worst, so "J" ended up as the odd man out.Most likely for the same reason the military never had companies lettered J.  It's too easy to confuse with the letter I when written.  Many towns that were once military posts have streets that are lettered instead of named.
Only a meaningful peace and a strong and united.  government will make people in Lebanon to live together... without unpleasant intervention from foreignersI must say they are doing better than the Iraqis.well becuase everyone that is with foud sinoura and amel gameyal and some other government people dont get along with people in hezbollah amd the people with michel oun and the people with haraket amal. so thats why they have these protests and stuff personally i am with hezbollah and the only way to get lebanese together again is get rid of foud sinourayou are wrong man because the people in their the most Democrats people in the worldBeecause shiites will drag all other religion into a civil war but we won't listen to them. hezbollah must get disarmed and less supporters.. . LONG LIVE LEBANON AND ALL THE LEBANBESE!!!CAUSE THEY MOVED OUT OF HOME AND DONT WANT TO LIVE IN THE SAME HOUSE CAUSE THEY FART ALL DAYThe people get along together, is the politicians that don't and they influence the opinions of their supportersThis should be in the government section.I don't think that the Lebanese people cannot live together, that's not the problem. Just take away all those leaders and I think we all can live in harmony.i agree with u abood. it's because of those freakin coutries buttin in and those worthless pieces of crap called politicians.. lebanon would be way more united if they had stayed in jail (geagea) and france (aoun) and ... well... the south (nasrallah)Pitty on those who call themselves Lebanese and want the divisions or want one sectarian party ruling over another. The mistake of siniora is he backed up hizbollah in the lastes israely invasion to Lebanon to fight hizbollah. The main reason for israel invasion is because hizbollah took initiative aside of lebanese goverment to kidnap an israely soldier and kill 2 others in the israely territories. now he is paying for his mistake. Even sayed Hasan nasralah said "if we knew that would happen like that we wouldnt kidnapped the soldier". As for AOUN all he sek is presidency if he have to ally with the devil to get it he will do. So basically my own opinion always has been is to get rid of all these leaders ..allll then get new wave of leaders then we will have peace. These current leaders are the same since the 80's.
Because it was so hot, that, during the Oregon Trail days and the Gold Rush days, people died from heat or dehydration. It's so hot because it is the lowest point on Earth, and heat from the sun collects down there and doesn't release until the cold nightfall winds clash with it.I think they call it death Vally because its below sea level the heat is impossible to live in there no water their and i think mostly nothing can live theirIts 140 in the summer you figure it outThe valley received its name in 1849 during the California gold rush by emigrants who sought to cross the valley on their way to the gold fields. During the 1850s, gold and silver were extracted in the valley.. . . wikipediapeopele ddied crossing it in the olden daysI drove thru there once - in the summer, with a car that had NO air conditioning..... Thought I was gonna die.. Very hot and dry.
When airport identifiers where first used,  Canada grabbed Y for their airports. N was saved for navy, W and K for radio stations east and west of the Mississippi, Q for international communications, Z for special uses. See the link for a full explanation.because it just was
What's this question to do with the country category?. . You guys never seem to cease amazing me with your intelligence.gobble gobble type is hatched from an eggA turkey born as you.. . You must have a brain of bird that u asked this stupid question in this category.ok i ll tell u when ur mother....... .... .. .. .. .. ..... .. . .. .. ... .. . .. and u. . i have a lot of warning messages actually  if i get one more yahoo ll delete account so then goooo bird category.. . but i agree with my friends how u live without a brain?? it is hard?No comment..Because if I speak, I can say very bad things wrongly..Sigh..They are hatched from eggs just like all other birds that I know of.go back to Kindergarten and learnI suggest you go and ask a Turkey or better still watch her laying eggs........They are brids. They come from eggs. They hatch.
Well, what is your last name??? Write me and I tell you how it's pronounced!Ro. o like in "door", not like "row". . then. like the number "ten". . burg. "boorg", u like in "noon"There is no such thing as th in the German language, so it is:. Row-tin-boorgIf your last name is Rothen or Roten, the 'o' is pronounced like 'sew' and 'then' or 'ten' is pronounced like the English word 'ten.' . . You forgot to put your last name, though, so I'm guessing on what it is...is your last name rothen?. . raw-thin. . :)Rothenburg is pronounced...Rowt-hen-burg. The h sound is light, just remember that in German every letter in the word is pronounced. By the way Rothenburg is in Bayern (Bavaria) and its full name is Rothenburg ob die Tauber or just Rothenburg o.d.T.. . . Okay...so I got the words mixed up...rivers are masculine can be confusing with all the die,  der, u. das stuff and yes the 'h' is pronounced just like the P in Pfeif. There are no silent letters in German, the 'g' is a hard 'g'.You seem to have forgotten to say how your name is spelt..........Ro ten burg with the burg not like burg in Hamburger, but like a U. as in YOU@ germanada. . It's called 'Rothenburg ob der Tauber'!!!. . You actually pronounce the 'R' in the back of your throat, as if you would gargle.. . The 'h' is not pronounced. It's only the 't'. . . Burg, pronounced like 'boork'it's pronounced Row Ten Burg
A harsh winter climate might account for the low population. . . As for lower crime rate, maybe it's because of a good social structure in terms of family upbringing.  That's just a guess, though.Toronto has a low crime rate by North American standards, but this is largely because the U.S. has a high crime rate for a 1st world country. The Canadian crime rate is more less the same as the European.. . Canada has a relatively low population/area since much of the country has a very severe climate, making habitation difficult.Toronto's crime rate is low in comparison to US cities because (A) we have a smaller population, (B) We have a different socio-economic situation.. . Canada's population is low due to the fact that most of our population centres run along the Canadian/USA border. Alot of the land in Northern Canada is wilderness and much is considered uninhabitable.....you can't farm it and it far from where jobs and civilized areas (eg. cities and infrastructure).Not so sure about crime rate in Toronto but we have alot of people bu tour country is very big...huge in fact and beautifuli want to know tooooooHello from Toronto!! Ok, now you have ask why low crime rate? We have a very low crime rate and the reason is that we have a lot of land and people are spread out and we do have more space. More space, more land means less problems. We here in Canada are around 130 years younger than the USA. . . I am trying to imagine what Toronto will look like in 130 years from now. I would imagine it would be more than triple the population than now. . . We here have what we call the GTA- Greater Toronto Area. With all the suburbs around Toronto I would estimate we are around 8 million people. But again we have alot more land. . . I love our city and thank god I live here!!All the thieves have got  frostbite so can't steal anymore.its too cold in Toronto so low crime rate :) hehe and low pop cos like many developing countries..they have too many old people, not many kids..so the pop is slowly decliningBhoki,. . You got very nice answers.... . I hope it helped to resolve your question....Alot of the people responding have surrounded the issue, and hit on some of the highlights, but citys like Winnipeg and Edmonton have higher per capita crime rates and higher rates of voilence crime than Toronto, the size and climate do play a part in the ease of severe issues,. . But we have a better social safety net and internal welfare system (paid healthcare, stronger gun laws, a more open approach to ethnic diversity), and we are a multi-cultual country, respecting the other's whom have emigrated here not forcing them to aclimitize them selfs religous and socially to the Americanize 1 God for 1 country structure.. . Low population is due to the way we handle immgration and most peoples blind desire to make it in America, now we here look alot more inviting and that is why we will see a significant rise in population over then next 15-20 years.
Designed by Peter Moore, this shoe gained much of its initial publicity and interest by being banned by the National Basketball Association. The league stipulated that the black and red shoe violated its color rulesdnt noBecause, like the NBA, it didn't have enough white in it....LOL. . Just kidding folks, just kidding. Hold off on the letters and phone calls..There wasn't enough white on the shoe to be worn with the home white uniform.  So they made several versions, including the one with more white.
iam sure 95 cant be as bad as the park way at ANY time of day. I would rather strip naked and be attacked by bees than drive the friggin parkway.oh no your screwed. stick with the turnpike, and never look back.The garden state parkway is always bumper to bumber traffic in the morning, compare to turnpike I-95 is not as bad as the garden state parkway. So if your route is I-95, try to use the turnpike, make sure you have plenty of coins for tolls.Depends on where, and in what direction.. . Personally, I prefer the Turnpike.i always take the garden state parkway when i travel from mass to dc.  no matter when you go, there is ALWAYS traffic on I-95 near NYC.  i've never had trouble on the parkway except at thanksgiving.
As the name suggest, "Sulabh" means easily available and "Sauchalyas" means toilets. These toilets are public conveniences clean, reasonably lit with attandents on duty during their operational hours. They charge a token sum for use on 'use and pay' basis.. Since they are far better managed and maintained than the governemnt / municipal run facilities and are available to public for use at desired places all over a city or town, they are famous.Sulabh Sauchalayas are public toilets being constructed and mainted by an social service organization called -- Sulabh International Social Service Organisation founded by Dr. Bindeshwar Pathak in the year 1970, is the largest nationally and internationally recognised pan-India social service outfit with 35,000 volunteers on the rolls who work to promote human rights, environmental sanitation, health and hygiene, non-conventional sources of energy, waste management and social reforms through education, training and awareness campaign. It has developed a scavenging-free two-pit pourflush toilet (Sulabh Shauchalaya); safe and hygienic on-site human waste disposal technology; a new concept of maintenance and construction of pay-&use public toilets, popularly known as Sulabh Complexes with bath, laundry and urinal facilities being used by about ten million people every day and generation of biogas and biofertiliser produced from excreta-based plants, low maintenance waste water treatment plants of medium capacity for institutions and industries.An easy convience place for the poor and down trodden people living on the pavements and on the roads. Something special of as it is gives special previlage to the poor people to easy out.
a place which is attractive for entertainmentIt means the various sites to see in a given travel destination...for example, the Statue of Liberty or broadway shows if you're going to Manhattan.  Or Independence Hall in Philadelphia...or Hersey Park in Hershey, PA.  It can be a historic site, or a concert & sports venue, an amusement park, zoo or casino...or even places that rent out horses, boats & watersport equipment for outdoors leisure activities.Just what the damn word means, ATTRAC-TION.. . What attracts a tourist to a certain location/place in a country.  :rolleyes:
Honestly I found Lourdes "lourds" which in french can mean a bit heavy, depressing, and annoying.  I'm not religous really and while I appreciate beautiful churchs, I found Lourdes very disturbing, just tons of  tourists (mostly sick and old), with incredible amounts of horribly tacky things for sale.  So no, I didn't feel Mary's presence there and was happy to leave quickly.Hi, I live half an hour from Lourdes.. . It's nestled in the foothills of the Pyr?n?ees with a river running through it and very tightly packed with hotels (more per square mile than Paris). There are a lot of very old-fashioned shops offering tacky souvenirs run by over-bearing shopkeepers.. . Once you get through all the tack and commercialism, the grotte is actually very peaceful. A lot of people find it unexpectedly moving after the contrast with the rest of the town. As for the presence of Mary, I cannot comment except to say that those feelings could be put down to expectation or they could be real.Hello There, I'm actually from Lourdes but leaving overseas. Glad to found someone asking questions about my hometown. Well it depends of your personal religious belief, but in any case it is definitely a place where you will feel at peace with yourself and you will definitely be moved deep inside of you. Whenever I go and pray I feel like crying cause the feeling is so overwhelming.. . I guess for you there is only one way, just go there. And if you could not feel anything you can still visit around the region is beautiful. . Take care.Lourdes can be quite crowded, with bus loads of visitors, including elderly and handicapped persons.  Your feelings of Mary's presence depends on your beleifs, if you beleive, you should feel Her presence everywhere anyway.
Atlantic, warm summers with both overcast and sunny days. In winter the weather is moderate, with significant rains and wind, although sometimes the cold climate of Asturias results in snowfall at sea level.at the moment nice but bring a shower mac.
predominantly, middle class with one or two high class subdivisions... . . good place to reside as the pollution is low and congestion is not too bad...yes it is worth living in cainta, or anywhere in the phil. esp. when you are retiring in a busy life in the usa. your saving can go a long long wayAll of the above.  Although I was not able to see the low areas.  There are a lot of executive subdivisions there. It became more convenient to live there since the LRT station is one just one ride from there.
Start with a spell check program..... . . Good luck.learn how to spell, or how to use spell check. If not, pay someone to do it for you.yahoo has a good one, we are using it for my friend's club.  Yahoo Site Builder.
Contact a Canadian Embassy. Also check out this website..... . Good luck!hide in a truck and hope not to get detected by the border control...I came from Canda by driving across the border. Just live in Canada for one year I think you can become a resident.Wait a minute, you mean you want to move TO Canada?. Whats that aboot, eh?
Australia, England, Germany, Japan, Russia, Italy, Greece. I like the people in Australia, and the others have a lot to do with cultural history and sight seeing. Oh yeah, and the food.I like to hike in the mountains in Switzerland, especially near Zermatt.France or somewhere in Europe. all the beautiful girls! :)Mostly African countries since they fascinate me - Mauritius , because of it's beauty, see Egypt and relieve its ancient history, go to Kenya on a safari and finish of with exotic Marrakesh.. . Other place I would love to go - Chileean Andes,  Brazil (I have heard even kids play football on the beaches there), Macchu Pichu and Portugal.G.B., Australia, and Japan.  Because of the ocean (in all three countries), and the way it feels when you walk down the street knowing that nobody knows you and nobody cares.Italy and France becasue on TV and on "paper" they look absolutely gorgeous and I want to experience the beauty and see if it really is like what the pictures sayIndia- because of the colors. . Polynesia- because of the ocean. . Madagascar- because of the wildlife. . Antarctica- because of the wildlife, extreme conditions.. . Chile- because of the wildlife
That's the cheapest paint they could buy. White cost more.They just want to paint over the former gas station's logo, so it's not inadvertently advertising for the station. Some people might think that station is open if you see something like "7-11" painted in bold colors.Maybe the city law requires it!  I don't know,  I haven't noticed it before.
Cash, Credit Card, Direct Debit to bank account.. . But from where and by what mode of transport and from whom do you want to buy the ticket - You need to give some basic information to get helpful answersenquire at the railway station or log on to. www.indianrail.gov.inu can go to the railways website and pay through credit card, u will get it delivered at homeCach, DD, Credit/Debit Card.
because they are...they were bred that way.I figured that they seemed snobby to Americans because most Europeans don't have high opinions of Americans.  The English (that I've met) here (in Germany) for Football are very nice, but they may be just assuming that I too am German.  There is a possibility that it could be because they have such a rich history and so much pride in their country's historical standing, but I doubt it.   Most European cultures that I've dealt with also have higher standards in etiquette, like the way you eat, whether or not its okay to belch, etc. So, you may have inadvertently offended them.Brits aren't snobby.  Perhaps you've been watching too much Upstairs/Downstairs.  I've lived in England for 5 years and find they are normal, friendly, generous, and engaging.. And your question makes no sense.  It's like asking "Why are americans so rude, especially when they're the richest country in the world?"  One thing has nothing to do with the other.I have to say, I'm English, middle-class and a bit snobby. Can't say why. My girlfriend is Scottish and I don't feel any snobbishness towards the Scottish though. Mostly my snobbery is based on hatred of the willfully stupid neds (of all countries) and their ilk.You're Scottish, and you're asking why? It goes back to when the "Sun never sets on the British Empire." They're just plain pompous.The think they have always been snobby and Their heads up their Royal A*SES....Sorry thinking out loud....But it's true.....  ClowmyWell it's like this I think that it's because they have the oldest suriving mornachary still in existance and it gives them a great deal of pride and also the engilsh language did orignate there hench the term " The Queens English" when being asked to speak properly plus their accent also sounds to Americans to be affluent and snobish like they are better then... so to speak.  It's not that they're snobby it's that they are raised to have a certian bit of decorum about them and they would never think of doing things that we as Americans wouldn't give it another thought.  They are raised in a more victorian type fashion that we as Americans still may perceive as being under english rule, but those are my thoughts on the matter.Well Americans tend to talk about anything and everything, often too loudly or too boldly.  The British are a bit more polite and reserved.  I thought that they seemed more classy than us when I visited there.  But I was trying to be positive about my time there, maybe it is snobbiness instead.  I don't really know.im not snobby!!! one is proper friendly and nice dhaaarrling!They are just reserved.  I am American and I noticed that if I spoke first, they were very friendly.She deserved to die just like BraveheartWhy to blacks have rhythm. Why are Scots thrifty? Why do Irish drink? It sounds like a stereotypical observation to me.
Trains or busses. I've travelled like that around most of Europe and it was great. It's cheaper than renting a car, so you can use the money to see more places. :)First it depends on how long you have,, how much money do you have,,and where do you want to go,, or see...... .  If you have time.,, take the train to where ever,, you can ride 1st class,, over night,, i suggest it,, 2nd if its a day trip.... . .  If you want distance and places to go and see,,,, FLY.... try easyjet.com.....  I just did it during the winter olympics.... was cheap and fun and on time !!!!. .  last ,,if you want to show off,,rent a car... but be prepaired to pay for it..  its expensive and most people dont own cars in europe just for that reason...... .  If you have to,, rent a motorcycle,,, but,,,, be careful,,, you are NOT use to driving in the cities there,,,, they are and its dangerous for non residents to get anywhere......with out getting squished......... .  Good luck,have fun.......The best way is probably by train as you get to see some of the varied landscape as you pass through it. The network is extensive and with a rail pass fairly affordable.. . There are many 'budget airlines' if you're flying out of the UK, but connections can be to quite out of the way airports rather than city centre ones - so be warned!i'd get on the train and go!!! but that's just me.The train is great if you get the eurorail pass.i think you should go by train or bus. try not to go by taxi. since you might look likea tourist and have an american accent, the taxi drivers will charge you more. believe me. when i was in europe everyone told me not to go by taxi. unless you really need to. but the bus is great to get around the city and the train for longer rides.train is your best bet over thereif you are not european, my suggestion is, don't drive. use public transportation. it's fairly easy to move around by bus or train, depending on where you want to go. . if you really want to drive, brush up on your traffic signs. in europe we don't tell you what they mean. you have to recognize them and know what they mean - a lot of them are easy, but there are some tricky ones. especially look out for speed limit signs, as some will be qualified to apply only to certain types of vehicles, and some even refer to a minimum speed (on a freeway you find them often). in some (rare) cases, you will have 3 lanes on the freeway, all of which have different minimum speeds. you must know whether a sign says you need to stay under or above the speed printed. . Also, be prepared to drive defensively, as often european drivers are very aggressive in their driving. and be prepared to get lost. especially in towns. most towns in europe (at least most of the ones worth visiting) were old by the time the horseless carriage was invented, and traffic is hellish if you don't know what to expect. though some towns are better than others, finding a place to park may be difficult, and often you have to park in a privately owned park, which means it will be hard and expensive.. did i manage to turn you off the rental car yet?. good luck, whatever you decide.
It is very hot and humid. It does have mild winters though.Dry and hot.. but in the winter it can get a little chilly.great.Hot and dry, currently.humid.... very sticky.hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot & hot .
Meramec Caverns (different from Meramec State Park) has some campgrounds. It's a little west of Six Flags, and they have camping close to the river and it's quieter, cheaper, and less crowded than Meramec State Park. It's nice.there is alot down 44 south from sullivan to cuba to steelville: blue springs ranch, riverview ranch, birds nest lodging, huzzah, and moreHilton Hotel and Holiday inn.groups.yahoo.com/group/STLOutdoorsGroup has alot of links if you join this group but out at Six Flags you have JelleyStone Park which offers camping and I believe Babler State Park,Greensfelder are close by and then if you go further west on I-44 you will have quite a few along the Meremac River and down in the Ozark National Scenic Riverways. I think there is a KOA down south on I-55 around Pevely?!!! The best campsites in Missouri are down along the Current River and Jack's Fork River! that Yahoo Group is STLOutdoorsGroupDr. Edmund A. Babler Memorial State Park is a good one.  The rest with camping start to get a little too far outside St. Louis, but Hawn and St. Francois State Parks are beautiful.Try www.koa.com  , there is a KOA in Allenton on I-44 which is across the street from Six Flags.  Though they looked pretty busy this evening.  Give them a call for reservations and pricing. . . Robertsville State Park is not much further and is a lot more secluded.  Not a lot of amenities...but there is a campground there.  Economical as well.. . Greensfelder park also has camping by reservations.  That is a St. Louis County Park.  $8 per night.  It's on top of the hill behind Six Flags.  ENJOY!!!try www.mostateparks.com. I have used this link in the pastGo online, campgrounds in St.louis.com!!!
I didn't know this either (though I knew the term and the song "Take me back to dear old Blighty"), so I was fascinated to find that it comes from a Hindustani word, bilayati, meaning 'foreign'.. . It's odd how some people get labeled as 'foreigners' in their own country. The words 'Wales', 'Welsh', 'Cornwall' and 'Walloon' as well as the French for Wales (Payes de Galles) and the Latin for France itself 'Gaul' or 'Gallia' all contain an element that means 'foreign'.. . Blighty is a word no longer used of England, though it might be heard in a sort of jokingly archaic way.What they said. :PBecause it is barren and full of blight?It comes from the Hindu word bilayati which means foreign and was used to refer to Britain and British things. British soldiers picked up the word during the time of occupation and corrupted it to Blighty. It became popular during the first world war in many songs etc.
take Valium.  I used to be in the Navy and had to fly in those P-3 Surveillance planes all the time.  Back in the day, I was usually under the influence of alcohol or hungover, so I didn't care much.  Once we had to run to the front of the plane to get traction on an icy runway during takeoff, then run back to our positions and strap in real quick.  More recently, I have developed a phobia of flying, but it is because you are surrendering total control to basically a few people...pilot, Air Controllers...and satellite technology...Navigational beacons.  It's hard to put all your trust in things you can't see (then there is the terrorist issue).  Hopefully, your pilot has had plenty of sleep and plenty of experience with IFR and VFR flight.look at the statistics, there are more car accidents on a daily basis then airplane crashes, and futhermore, the pilot is human too, i'm sure he doesn't want to crash eitherPlease look at the accident rate for flights, and look at accident rates for other vehicles like Car etc. The chances of a mishap overall would be lesser for a flight. All the parts / instrument machinary for an aircraft gets checked thouroughly before a flight.So Dont worry. JUST DO IT.Dont get on an airplane!!!!  . . Simple!Either you can drive there or take sleeping pills or you can get drunk.  If none of these ideas help then remember that you are more likely to get into a car accident than a plane crash.  More people die each every month from suicides than in plane crashes each year.  Catch the difference?  You'll be fine, planes are one of the safest forms of travel other than the one you were born with.You can't. Although it is statistically safer to fly than drive, we have this fear of being in air where once you are more than 50 feet above ground and something goes wrong, that is it.. . You have to remind yourself that . 1, This is safer than if you had driven the distance,. 2, What happens to you will happen to all around you including the persons in charge of the plane, They take the risk every day so it must be minuscule.. 3, You don't really have a choice as most distances that you fly are not drivable.I was in the same boat two years ago, it was my first flight and all I kept thinking about was Final Destination and it kept me so worked up that a week before the big day I couldn't eat anything and every time I tried I was nausious, so I starved till I got to where I was going. While boarding the plane I was shaking when in the tunnel to the plane the lights went out on us and I was like see I told you its a Final Destination, and I just kept saying it till we got to our seats. Then I sat in total silence not sure if I was going to cry or passout. But once I was on the plane and we took off It was a piece of cake.  I am no longer afraid and since then I have taken four trips on a plane and its actually quite relaxing. I want to wish you good luck because people told me it was so easy and it didn't help till I went through it and realized for my self.. You will be fine and you will laugh at yourself later, I did because people looked at me with the whole Final Destination thing as I was crazy.no one can help you but yourself.    You will fine.Just go flying. It might help if you look up the statistics of plane crashed to auto crashes. A plane crashes less than 1% of all flights, and car crashes happen to just about everyone in their life. It is much more dangerous driving in the car to the airport than it is flying in the airplane. Flight is usually always listed as the safest mode of transportation out there.Take some Gravol about half an hour before takeoff - it'll relax your nerves (and DON'T drink alcohol with it).I was a little frightened too.  The first time I flew I went from Canada all the way to South Korea.  Talk about trial by fire.  24 hours in transit, 2 stops with long waits at both airports.  But even with the turbulence and the woman next to me spilling her red wine all over me, it was fine.  You can feel the slight pull behind your navel when you take off, but it's fine.  I even had to get on a small commuter jet for the first part and that was ok even.  Don't worry so much.  Flying is actually safer than driving, and you probably get in a car every day.i don't know, but when you find out..let me know! i'm one of those i need to keep my feet on the ground people.try to distract yourself on the plain take you music, a book(if you do not get dizzy easily), try talking to the person on your side .. After all only you can defeat this fear ,be confident.Don't be afraid go and fly.god will take care of you.
It is translated in English as Turkey but has nothing to do with that animal of course :) Its original name is T?rkiye which means the country of the Turks. And the name Turk is coming from our ancestors immigrated from Asia that is G?kt?rks.Turkey wtf is that?? people that couldnt speak English made it up  they should change it its so not educated shitIt's not from the animal's name. Our ancestors takes the name GOKTURK'S but I think the roots of this word is turuk. a clan of ancients.Till fist war Turkey had been called Ottaman Empire... after we founded Turkiye  some british people couldnt pronounce Turkiye and started to say Turkey which means Turk.The turks were a nomadic tribe coming from Asia.There are two answers to your question. . 1.  The way to pronounce and spell the country name of T?rkiye in English with a Latin alphabet was decided a hundred years ago by scholars and what we English speaking people are stuck with. Those of use who like to actually say the name the way it is intended, use the alternative Latin spelling of Turkiye. This is pronounced Tour-Key-Yeh.. 2. As stated previously by actual Turks from Turkey *grin*, the country name of T?rkiye, was derived from the nomadic T?rks, or tribally specific G?kT?rk (according to our present day Turks.) . To clarify further I will use the country of England as an example, because it doesn't work in American (we speak English, not Americanish!). T?rkiye (Tour-Key-Yeh)   ....  England  . T?rk  (Tour-rk) (slightly rolled r)  ...  Englishperson. T?rk?e (Tour-rk-cheh) (slightly rolled r) ...  English. . A T?rk speaks T?rk?e and comes from T?rkiye.. . Does that it explain it?Since Benjamin Franklyn could not get the turkey designated as the symbol of the USA he talked the Turks into naming their country Turkey.they ate alot of turkey?. they breeded the most turkey in the world?
Right here right now it's unusually hot. But even then, only high 70s Fahrenheit, barely went into the 80s last week.. . I'm in Switzerland, the flat part. But I'm Canadian so I still know Fahrenheit.That really depends where you're going!! Finland? Greece?....It's quite big over here, you know... look at a map.. . I'm in SW France, near the Spanish border and the weather this time of year is usually humid, in the late 20s and thundery.As was mentioned previously, it depends on where you are going.  Europe, the continent is about the same physical size as the U.S.  It covers 3+ timezones and actually is longer North to South.. . So this question would be similar to asking what is the weather like in the U.S.  Seattle isn't the same as Las Vegas or Miami or Portland, Maine.European.haha, yes...it differs from region and city, not country....Warm and sunny today but sometimes cloudy . 26°C  to  32°C
the sky is blue cause the maximum distance our eyes can see comes in contact with blue light rays making it look bluewhen its not.so the sky is not blue.Because if it was green you wouldn't know where to stop mowing the grass.A clear cloudless day-time sky is blue because molecules in the air scatter blue light from the sun more than they scatter red light.  When we look towards the sun at sunset, we see red and orange colours because the blue light has been scattered out and away from the line of sight.Why is the grass green?Colour reflected off the oceans.There is a physical phenomenon called Rayleigh scattering that causes light to scatter when it passes through particles that have a diameter one-tenth that of the wavelength/color of the light. Sunlight is made up of all colors of light, but because of the elements in the atmosphere, mostly nitrogen, the color blue is scattered much more efficiently than the other colorsreally only god knows it was blue befor us and it will be blue after us.the sky isn't blue !  All the reflections from the earth make it seem like that !!!!!Due to scattering effect of the atmosphere the blue spectrum of light get reflected which gives the sky its colourThe air molecules acts as a prisim, so when the sun light hits them it refracts the light and we see the blue spectrum of it.
I use both so this is my take:  Bart is for going farther out in the Bay Area than just San Francisco.  It can take you to both SFO and OAK airports, to many parts of the East Bay and part of the Peninsula too.  The fares are charged according to distance.  The Muni Metro is used more locally in San Francisco and it is a flat rate of $1.50 in any direction any distance, plus you get transfers to return within a certain timeframe.Municipal Metro only operates in San Francisco proper, BART also serves the East Bay and some Peninsula suburbs. . . They share four underground stations Downtown and there are surface-to-underground transfer points at Balboa Park and Glen Park. . . At first glance... it seems like they're covering the same terrain, but in fact Muni Metro stops practically every two blocks on the surface sections, functioning almost like a bigger and faster bus. While BART only stops at a few underground stations in San Francisco (in order to move more quickly onto the suburbs).. . See, this is how San Francisco Proper's rail network looks from the air:. . http://sfcityscape.com/transit/rail_maps/aerial.html. . And this is how it should look in 2015 (if City Hall secures enough funding to build it!):. . http://sfcityscape.com/transit/rail_maps/comprehensive.htmlMUNI is the municiple transit system for the city of San Francisco.  It included the cable cars, trolleys and busses that operate entirely within the city limits.. . BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) is a commuter rail system that serves most of the Bay Area counties.  It consists of 4 primary 'lines' and in a few areas is supplmented by contracted bus service.Muni metro just serves the city of San Francisco.  It is part of the Muni system the public transportation system in San . Francisco.  Parts of the Metro subway system do run parallel to the BART system, however they branch out to parts of the City that Bart does not serve.. . BART or Bay Area Rapid Transit leaves San Francisco and goes as far east as Richmond and Pittsburg in Contra Costa County, Pleasanton in Alameda county, SFO in San Mateo County, and Fremont again in Alameda County.  . . While to the novice they seem redundant, they actually are desinged to complment one another.
Motel 6. We'll leave the light on for ya.. . heheh  ;)Amerisuites cuz they have free parking,gives away popcorn,and free breakfastSuper 8, cause thats where my husband took me and our kids on vacation. The first time for us in a motel!!!Best Western, real good service, comfortable beds, Good TV and You can make your own coffee in your rooms.the sheridan hotels rock my socksHampton Inn.. Been in them all over the country and have never been disappointed.  They're part of the Hilton chain.I like Marriot for location, nice rooms, internet connections, and free breakfast.Anything by marriott!Sheraton. I stay in Sheraton hotels often, and I like their service, polite personal. The best hotel of all that I have been is Four Points by Sheraton - Chery Creek in Denver, CO.Marriott hotels. Usually they include some sort of breakfast, and the staff has always been very courteous. Also, their reservation website is set up in a streamlined, easy to use, manner.Motel 6.  Reasonably priced, reliable, clean, comfortable, and they allow pets.Holiday Inn.  Well, I work there, and the employee discount is really awesome.
The Bermuda Triangle (also known as Devil's Triangle) is a nearly half-million square-mile (1.2 million km2) area of ocean roughly defined by Bermuda, Puerto Rico, and Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The Bermuda Triangle has become popular through representation by the mass media, in which it is a paranormal site in which the known laws of physics are violated and altered.. . While there is a common belief that a number of ships and airplanes have disappeared under highly unusual circumstances in this region, the United States Coast Guard and others disagree with that assessment, citing statistics demonstrating that the number of incidents involving lost ships and aircraft is no larger than that of any other heavily traveled region of the world. Many of the alleged mysteries have proven not so mysterious or unusual upon close examination, with inaccuracies and misinformation about the cases often circulating and recirculating over the decades.lots of planes and ships vanished btween the 3 points back in the 60s and 70s...insurance scam you think?after careful review of all the missed airplanes, the true nature of the mysteries are not a triangle-but those of shorts-bermuda shorts-They are still not sure. Some scientists say its a magnetic force that detracts the ships/planes machines, some other say its because at some point, the pilots dont see the difference between the sky and the water so they crash.. . The mystery hasnt been resolved yet, but people pretty much stopped flying/sailing in that area.Alot of planes and ship and submarinas have disappeared there, Yeah im wonder about it to! I bet their is some kinda mystical power their that soon will go on earth and will make everyone disapear...so soon will find out! Just keep watching history channel!The spelling.. That, and the fact that many ships and aircraft have gone missing there.
History, that's where it all happened!  It is also truly amazing how that once desert has been transformed.  Israel is beautiful and awe inspiring!They sell Bacardi Breezers and where there is a Bacardi Breezer there's a party!Mostly cause its where the bible stories were happening. Also, Israel has the strongest army in the world.It's the center of the universeWhy ISN'T Israel cool?!?!its the smallest country and some how that makes it the  center of the world everyone wants it.  its is very beautiful the food there is great the people over there are very nice and welcoming. i think that it is the attitide of the people that make it so "cool"it rox cause it BELONGS TO US JEWS AND ISRAELIS!!!!!!!!! and always will..... sorry, didnt mean to get political, just you people deserve to hear the truth, from a true Israeli!!!!. . to explain why israel rox would take me forever... if you want the whole explanation, let me know... lol...It's those hottie chayalim and chayalot.Because it sounds badassits notFirst of all it is palestine, and its cool cuz they got arabs thereThey produce that sweet .50 pistol that always shows up in video games and movies.cuz it's a CENTER anyways ... center of news ... attention ... fight ... gathering assholes (arabs/zaonists/camels/more.arabs) .... some really want to hv it ... some really want to wipe it ... some think it made by legos ... some think if they dig it .... there's another country there .... it's gonna have a the 2nd great wall ... their religious rabbais dress in style .... they're so P.I.M.P. ...  girls are generally hottttttttt in there!
becos tamilians were treated and are still treated badly by north indians. i shud know cos ive seen it. im a north indian who stays in chennai. but now i guess its becom prety much even and both sides need to grow up... we cant continue treating our own country ppl like crap.i don't knowsometimes even i feel the same. but i think it is coz of hindi language.It is very very wrong notion. There are all kind of people around. If you see something with biased mind you will see everything wrong. It is not that everyone is like that. I do not disagree that there is all kind of people but that is not restricted to Tamil or some specific area, religion but they are spread everywhere.. . You may be thinking how I can say with so much confidence. Fine I am north Indian and have so many friends from all the states including Tamilnadu and I never felt that it is general notion.u have seen just a part of the tamilians....not all r lik tht!. do not generalize! there are many friendly ones too...thts y u c many many north indians put up in the south!This is a wrong perception .. Tamils are not hostile to North indians .. There is along history behind it . The srilankan war , the language conflict etc .. North Indians Discriminated Tamilians on the basis of colour .Tamilians and north Indians have this language clash there .. Tamilians are called by names as Madrasi etc which is very wrong .. That is why they are outraged .. I am sorry i cant write the whole history behind it .but there is always reason for everything .. I am not a Tamilian , nor a north Indian.. I am a Pakistani ,and i am not siding with anyone , but general study will tell you why it is .. I always used to consider Indians as only North Indians until i explored the diversity in India .It is not like that. Most of them don't know Hindi. In schools and colleges Hindi is an optional subject. Students should opt for Hindi or Tamil. But for other south Indian states like Kerala, Andhra pradesh, Karnataka, Hindi is a compulsory subject with their regional language.. . But in Tamil nadu students can take either Hindi or Tamil as their second language. So obviously they will take their mother tongue language. But some do take Hindi as their second language but it is difficult when they don't know to read or write Tamil because they are living in Tamil nadu.. . It is not like they don't want to learn or speak Hindi. They should learn Hindi privately if they want. In other south Indian states, no need to study Hindi privately. It is easy because they learn in their schools itself. Tamilians don't watch Hindi movies because they can't understand. I think that's why you feel like Tamils are hostile to north India.They aren't hostile. They just have a rivalry for best film studios. And they also feel that education and general well being is a bit higher than it is in North India. Both think they are better than the other. That and many tamils don't want to learn or speak Hindi. I found more who speak English than that. . I'm just a whitey who visited there I'm neither north or south indian.
Fastest way is to take the MRT to Bishan station and you won't get lost. but if youhave a specific address then you might want to put it up so you can get a better route that would get you there, without the confusion.Best to take a cab. Bishan is wedged between Ang Mo Kio and Toa Payoh, so need more clue as to your exact destination.Take MRT. And there are buses which go there.. . Go check out. SBS transit, SMRT. Or the easiest, take a cab!The easiest ways are (1) taxi and (2) MRT.Bishan town is surrounded by Ang Mo Kio Avenue 1, Upper Thomson Road and Braddell Road with Bishan Road cutting across the town. It is located between Ang Mo Kio Town and Toa Payoh Town within close proximity of MacRitchie Reservoir. It is easily accessible with the Bishan MRT station and Bus Interchange located at the Bishan Town Centre.Take the MRT to bishan on the North-south line.
Well, write the word "myself" on a paper, place in an envelope and mail it wherever you like. There, you will have shipped 'myself' through the mail. Good riddle in a wrong category.Ah don't, not a very good idea, the cargo holds of airplanes aren't meant for people.. . Besides I think it would really tick someone off if you did that.cut yourself into little pieces and have yr friend put in the mails for USmallest air tight bag you can findput an airmail stamp on your forehead and write destination!. Don't write your address because most likely they will return you home!Very easy : First place yourself within a folder, have the folder Zipped into a file [of not more than 10 MB, in size], attach the file to your e-mail, and click on 'Send' :. Bingo, you'll get 'shipped' !I believe you are far too big  for mailing, however, a courier such as Purolator will ship you; they'll even pack you in a suitable container. :-D
You need to contact the American Consulate closest to you in Australia.  They can give you information on obtaining a visa, the document that you will need to move to America.  If you obtain the visa, save up enough money for about 3 months of living expenses ($US10,000?), and move to the U.S.  That would give you enough time to find a job and housing.my brother in law just moved there you must get a work visa and you can Visit up to 6 mths i think they check all references and will contact old employer and they are very thorough and really don't want anymore Westerners there but if you have a clean record you can do it good luck,I would contact the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce by looking it up on Google.  They will have information for you, or at least a web site or a phone number that can give you the information that you need.  That's quite a trip!  Aren't there some rules of residency that dictate how long you can stay at first??  Good luck to you!1. Buy an immigration lottery card(Green Card or something). 2. Look for a house.. 3. Get a job.. 4. Visit me i study at the Hollywood High School and we live only 50m from there!!!well you probably need a greencard and enough americans don't have jobs so you should probably just keep your butt over there!umm use an airplaneyou rent/buy a home, fly ur stuff over here, then ur self.
You'll need a watch, a big metal box, and alot of wires!! Red, black and green!.  Good luck!!!.  I'll meet you in the year 2016!its quite simpel. you mail me 19.99 +( S/H) and ill give you the mechine. its made a quartz clock and a cessna 150there is no such thing as timawatch napoleon dynamite. then you'll know. gluckIf we knew don't you think we'd be traveling in time already, lol silly girlYou don't have to make an actual machine.. . I've found that the easiest and cheapest method to travel time is with an electric battery charger. You clamp the red end to your tounge and the black end to the negative terminal of your car battery.. . Now for date selection. The voltage you set the charger to corresponds with the date that you will be travelling to. If you set it to 28 volts, you will go to the year 2800. If you set it on 12, you will get the year 1200. Now this is battery charger time travel's greatest fault... You cannot accurately predict the year beyond centuries. . . I have, however, found that if you attatch yourself to TWO battery chargers, this feat can be performed. If you want to travel to 1528, simply set the first charger to 15 and the second to 28. Now, you might ask how to determine which two digit number comes first. To ensure that the 15 came first, you would make sure that you select the 15 or whatever the century you choose is dialed in on the charger with the SHORTEST positive wire. That way, the electricity from the charger with the first two numbers reaches you before the electricity from the one with the second two numbers.. . You can also travel back or forward hours at a time by setting one charger to trickle and setting it to the desired hour of the day on a 24 hour time scale. Minutes can be acheived with a second charger with the same method I gave above for a more exact year destination.. . Good luck!. . Hey Joe, I'm not the queer with rainbow font on IM. And I AM sexy.time travel is more than possible, we dont have the technology for it yet.  you know how like on the other side of the world its tomorrow, or yesterday, right?  well, if we create a machine that will go around the earth a couple times a minute-we can achieve time travel.  that is the theory.  i have already done it, and i have found out that if you give me the ten points for this, good things will happen to you.  . but dont u think this is a good answer anyway?. . (and jeff is far from sexy)  (see the user above my entry)you take any genreal operating machine.  a post-it note.  write TIMA on the note. stick note on machine and viola......you got yourself a TIMA MACHINE!
a websites are good i find are. penpal city. and the penpal network. there free to join and have young and old ppl from around the world looking for penpals including irish ppl...try doing something like friendster. that is the first place i would go toi got a penpal from Sweden by using the penpalnetwork. email address- www.tpn.info
While out government tried to keep it a secret, the value of the American dollar has decreased significantly.    France is a fairly affluent country and there are many dicount travel offers to NYC.  Remember, the is ONLY 1, New York City!The French are trying to take over New York City.  It's an invasion.. Next time, run away when you see a French, call the cop when you see a French, yell "help" when you see a French.Come on? Would you want to live in FRANCE?!!!  Besides with all the "Fashionistas" (Models/Actors) that come to the city. Where else are you going to find them? Harlem? The Bronx. Maybe in Flushing? At least that is where the good tailors are.  My Friends in Europe say that the only two countries in the world that only speak one language are........ You Guessed it  France and the United States.   lol hope that is what you were looking fornyc is near canada. french ppl live in canada, for it was settled by the french. also, there are alot of diverse ppl in nyc, its a major city, and has the jfk airport which attracts many ppl, not to mention ground zero, the memorial, and the statue of liberty.Its called tourists.  The city is loaded with them.  Alot from Japan these days too. You are probably in areas where the French happen to be.  Go downtown and you'll see mostly Asian tourists.. . I love the "its near Canada" response.  First, NYC is not near Canada.  New York State is, but NYC is a plane ride away from Canada, and the area that NYC is "near" all of those canadiens speak English as their primary  language not French.
They do ask for them. OK, yes they are heritage...But the Brits dont expose them as theirs, they give all the credit to the Greeks. Besides there are so many marbles in Greece which are being destroyed by pollution and Greeks dont bother to preserve them.. People will not go to Britain to look at Greek marbles, they will visit Greece for that so Greece doesnt lose any tourism at all.. I am being more practical than ethical here, I know.... By the way I am Greek.they do (just like the egyptians do). But the british won't return them.I believe both the Greeks and the Egyptians have asked the British Museum to return famous artifacts, as well as the Italians (the Romans were famous looters of the art of conquered peoples). Not too many returns to date.Greece has been asking for its marbles back almost since the day they were taken!. . . Check out this blog for more answers to your question than you could ever have imagined!. . http://www.elginism.com/The Greeks have. The Brits won't
if it is in the UK just hang up, report them to BT as an unsol. call. Never believe anything these people say, no matter if it is a holiday or money , forget it it is a con to get your moneyI think, global promotion means promoting ones product worldwide. That is why, you will always receive calls from such company to promote their products.  But then, so as to make the global promo more effective, Television is the right means to promote such products.
cold humid and dull! this is not the best season.  (I was born in Paris)the best is july august, less peolple in town and better weatherBeautiful, rainy but very romantic.(m). . The average January temperature in Paris is a chilly 3 degrees Celsius (37 degrees Fahrenheit) rising steadily to a fairly warm spring and very pleasant July average of approximately 26 degrees Celsius (79 degrees Fahrenheit). Rain falls consistently throughout the year with only the occasional Northern European heat wave causing prolonged dry periods. It is more usual to experience less rainfall during the winter in Paris than in spring and summer. Snow is a common feature of a Parisian winter but the modern transportation system means there is rarely any disruption to services. . . Paris has relatively moderate climate. In the winter, the average temperature is 40 degrees Fahrenheit and has high precipitation, although snowfall is rare. In the summer, while mornings can be cool, afternoons are warm. August gets heavy rainfall.Same as she is in summer!!! Only she puts on more clothes.........You only need to keep one thing in mind:  Nobody ever goes to Paris for the weather!  Winter is much less crowded with tourists, the prices are cheaper and I find nothing more romantic than snuggled arm-in-arm with my sweetie, walking through the narrow streets, finding a cozy cafe where we drink the night away by candlelight...I went to Paris two years ago in the winter.  I went in late February..and it was quite cold. In fact, there were snow flurries.  . . However, the trip was really cheap..so if you don't mind the cold..it is a good season to travel there.  Also, as a bonus, the museums and attractions..were not crowded and you don't have to wait in line long if there is one.  During that time, it is usually locals or other Europeans who are traveling there. My one week trip cost me about $1000!. . It is still nice..just don't go there for the gardens because it is winter time.Snow occasionally covers the rooftops of Paris with its mantle, reminiscent of the Impressionist paintings by Caillebotte. Christmas dresses up the main avenues with its sparkle, markets and appealing window displays spring up around the city. It is a pleasure to dive into the cosy warmth of its restaurants and caf?s. Take a tasty break for hot chocolate between two museums or after a few pirouettes on the open-air ice rinks. From January to March, this is the charm of off-season ParisThe same it is in every other season : it sucks!!. You'd better choose to visit another town, parisiens are a§§holes!tres froid.Worse than summer becasue there are more Parisains there adn it cold and wet.Quite cold in the winter.....sometimes, raining and snowing a little here and there. . . But it's the most beautiful I've ever experienced. Imagine you stand with your love one, during a light snow fall. Or skating in the ice-rink. . . Or even sipping a cup of coffee in Champs-Elysees.....
I have been to the Tsingtao brewery  on business, and toured the plant. Just walk into the front door, and say you want to visit the place, they will look after youi can't tell you how to arrange it, though i think you can just show up.  but i do know, from personal experience, that you are given 15 minutes to drink all of the beer you can before the actual tour starts!!  :)  yeah, being all college students on national holiday in qingdao, we had people guzzling pitchers of beer and a lot of drunken guys by the end of the tour..hahahaha!  great memories though, and i love how laid back qingdao is compared to the bigger cities.
there are 15 Joanas Cordeiro in the phone book. Do you know where she lives?Wouldn't it be amazing if this was your Joana!http://ggp.ist.utl.pt/contactos.html  . . Might she be at the Instituto Superior T?cnico in Lisbon?  http://ggp.ist.utl.pt/
Why are landing in Toronto if you want to go to Calgary?. It is about a 40 hour drive.Train would be most comfortable but Bus would be less expensive.My advice is to take West Jet AIrlines. So much cheaper that AIr Canada.. . West Jet Prices are so much cheaper like where as it is . $ 202.00 including taxes & surcharges for a one way fare. The benefit of this airline is that they give you complimentary drinks & munchies all the way through the flight.. . Air Canada, I seriously DO NOT RECOMMEND. They charge per passenger ridicously money for a one way fare. It is like. $ 369.00 including surcharges & taxes. They even don't give you anything to munch on or to eat on the plane.take the bus ( cheaper ) it takes about 2 1/2 days on GreyHound though....!!!Stow away in someone's hockey bag (spray with deodorizer first).. . OK that would not work for 5 people.  Sorry.. . I would go by bus,TRAVEL BY WALKHave some cash wid u. datll make ur travel faster n cheapercheapest is walking, followed by cycling and then rollerskating.. . But seriously, the cheapest is flying. Check out the budget airlines Westjet and Canjet and then also Air Canada. . . Your other options are driving or train. If you have a car you wish to keep, then driving is probably your best bet. If you can stow your things in the car or moving van, it will also save you shipping costs. . . If you have things to move you may also have to pay for private shipping if you fly by air.
I like orlando better for all the options. but for universal studios i like CA better b/c is't more spread out and made it feel like more of a full day event. though islands of adventure is just next door in FL and it's great tooIt's slightly warmer in California, but some of the rides are shut down. This is also the rainy season for both places so check the forcast for both areas.the one in florida is bigger and with more rides. it is way cooler!Florida rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Its warm year around in Florida and remember the longer you stay at Universal Studios the more discounts you get. A week sound good!A cross-country flight.well duh one is in california and one is in florida.anyone could figure that out.Ones in Florida and the others in California.Well, number one, their in different locations.the one in Florida is bigger and has island of adventures
iut comes from the ancient egyptians when they were in great camel trains, pushing ,yelling and shouting and camels trying to wander off not going where they needed too, the drivers went to the riverside and pulled a rush out of the rushes with which they beat wayward camels into line, which although VERY SLOW during that hour before the gates closed was usually successful and became known as the RUSH hour.. . If you believe that well !!!!!Slowest traffic is because Number of people go out on roads at the same time is to be called Rush HourI assume because everyone's in a rush to get somewhere (eg. work or school) so the traffic ends up being very slow because of all these people trying to get somewhere in a hurry at the same time.Because everyone is rushing to get home from work, thus causing a traffic jam.'cos people want to rush home.. . I think it is pure sarcasm!i dont get your question, but rush hour is that the people are entering ramps onto the highway at the last minute, and also depending where you live,  rush hour in certain cities is much more worse than other cities.cuz every one finish work and rushing to see thier kids or family and get rest and   escape boss   the boss thing really make you rush thats the reason the traffic get slower and  and earn the name rush hourBecause everyone is rushing to work or home from work.  Too many cars and the traffic slows down.because everyone's trying to get to the same place as you.Everyone is in such a "rush" to get home from work...Everybody's rushing to get to home or maybe a pub...
Make sure you have your birth certificate, social security card, bring any id's you have... and they'll ask you for your parent's birthdays, make sure you know that too :)go to your local post office, two forms of I.D.I got my passport at the post office.  I took my drivers license and a birth certificate. 6 wks later they mailed my passport to me. You can also take a close picture of your face I think it had to be approx. 2" x 2" but I just had them to take it there for a small fee. You just have to check with your local post offices. Not all the post offices in our area handled passports so you should call around.pick up an application at the post office get your picture taken and get your birth certificate and send it in and you will get it back in a few weeksdownload the application, fill it out, take it and your original birth certificate and 2 pictures and $$ to (normally local courthouse) and they will take care of the rest.. . It's all on the web, simply search on the keywords.To obtain a passport for the first time, you need to go in person to one of  7,000 passport acceptance facilities located throughout the United States with two photographs of yourself, proof of U.S. citizenship, and a valid form of photo identification such as a driver’s license.. . Acceptance facilities include many Federal, state and probate courts, post offices, some public libraries and a number of county and municipal offices. There are also 13 regional passport agencies, and 1 Gateway City Agency, which serve customers who are traveling within 2 weeks (14 days), or who need foreign visas for travel. Appointments are required in such cases.You can go to your local post office. Thats where I got mine. Here read this: . . New Application for a U.S. Passport. To obtain a passport for the first time, you need to go in person to one of  7,000 passport acceptance facilities located throughout the United States with two photographs of yourself, proof of U.S. citizenship, and a valid form of photo identification such as a driver’s license.. . Acceptance facilities include many Federal, state and probate courts, post offices, some public libraries and a number of county and municipal offices. There are also 13 regional passport agencies, and 1 Gateway City Agency, which serve customers who are traveling within 2 weeks (14 days), or who need foreign visas for travel. Appointments are required in such cases.. . You’ll need to apply in person if you are applying for a U.S. passport for the first time:  if your expired U.S. passport is not in your possession; if your previous U.S. passport has expired and was issued more than 15 years ago; if your previous U.S. passport was issued when you were under age 16; or if your currently valid U.S. passport has been lost or stolen.. . For more information on getting a new passport, please click How to get a passport.Try the passport office.birth certificate drivers license, and social security card. go to the Post OfficeYou'll need photos, a completed application, and proof of citizenship, like a certified copy of your birth certificate.  Call your local passport office (usually in your city's main post office) to schedule and appointment and find out exactly what you'll need.To obtain a passport for the first time, you need to go in person to one of  7,000 passport acceptance facilities located throughout the United States with two photographs of yourself, proof of U.S. citizenship, and a valid form of photo identification such as a driver’s license.You need to get an application. You should be able to get one at your Post Office. The instructions will tell you the exact items you need and the different costs involved.
I actually heard once that there is a law in Oregon that says that it is illegal to walk backwards on a Thursday while carrying an ice cream cone in your back pocket..# One may not bathe without wearing "suitable clothing," i.e., clothing that covers one's body from neck to knee.. # In Hood River, it is illegal to juggle without a license.. # In Marion county, ministers are forbidden from eating onions or garlic before giving a sermon.. # As of January 1, 2000 all 5 bedroom homes will be evacuated and searched by police for drug substances every 2 months.. # If caught in possession of Marijuana during the month of February, you will be assigned to two thousand hours of community service.. # It is illegal to be seen in public with the number 69 on an article of clothing.No sex in the champaign room.Oregon . . One may not bathe without wearing "suitable clothing," i.e., clothing that covers one's body from neck to knee. . In Hood River, it is illegal to juggle without a license. . In Marion county, ministers are forbidden from eating onions or garlic before giving a sermon. . As of January 1, 2000 all 5 bedroom homes will be evacuated and searched by police for drug substances every 2 months. . If caught in possession of Marijuana during the month of February, you will be assigned to two thousand hours of community service. . It is illegal to be seen in public with the number 69 on an article of clothing.Statute 46: Citizens cannot eat duck feet on Wednesdays in state parks.. . Statute 103: If there are large, bipedal tracks of an unknown animal outside your cabin in the mountains; don't bother reporting. No one will believe you anyways.. . Statute 1738: May not purchase Stephan King books after dark for safety purposes.. . Statute 20505: No strangling young children in the last three rows of any cemetary. Anywhere else is fine, though.A law in the small town where I live, (in southern Oregon), it is against the law to NOT have a loaded weapon in your home.  It stems back from the 60's when a certain two families would get drunk and start shooting at anyone who moved.  Police would not respond to calls of gunfire, so residents were on their own for protection.  I just recently asked City Hall about it, and it's still on the books.visit the links below.Oregon. • Beaverton: You must buy a $10 permit to be allowed to install a burglar alarm. . • Canned corn is not to be used as bait for fishing. . • Dishes must drip dry. . • Eugene: It is illegal to show movies or attend a car race on Sundays. It is legal to conduct a horse race or a symphony concert. . • Hood River: Juggling is strictly prohibited without a license.. • In Oregon anyone with a bad reputation is prohibited from distributing malt beverages.. • In Salem, Oregon, it's illegal for patrons of establishments that feature nude dancing to be within two feet of the dancers. . • In Willowdale, Oregon, no man may curse while having sex with his wife. . • It is against the law for animals to have sex in the city limits. . • It is illegal to buy or sell marijuana, but it is legal to smoke it on your own property. . • It is illegal to whisper "dirty" things in your lover's ear during sex. . • It's against the law for a wedding ceremony to be performed at a skating rink. . • It's against the law in Willowdale, Oregon, for a husband to curse during sex. . • Just to let you guys know. there is a law in Portland, Oregon saying that it is illegal to own bolt cutters but yet they sell them in all the local hardware stores. One of our friends got pulled over for carrying a bolt cutter down the street and the police took it away from him saying it was illegal for him to have. (Reader Submitted) . • Klamath Falls: It's illegal to walk down a sidewalk and knock a snakes head off with your cane. . • Marion: Ministers are forbidden from eating garlic or onions before delivering a sermon. . • Ministers are forbidden from eating garlic or onions before delivering a sermon. . • Myrtle Creek: One may not box with a kangaroo. . • No more than two people may share a single drink.. • One may not bathe without wearing "suitable clothing," i.e., that which covers one's body from neck to knee. . • One may not box with a kangaroo.. • People may not whistle underwater. . • Portland: It's against the law for a wedding ceremony to be performed at a skating rink. People may not whistle underwater. You cannot wear roller skates in restrooms. . • Salem: Women may not wrestle in Salem. Springfield It is illegal to own a reptile within the city limits, unless you are a school or city, as a pet. . • Stanfield: It is against the law for animals to have sex in the city limits. Cloth towel dispensers are banned from restrooms. No more than two people may share a single drink. . • The "Peer Review Statute" prohibits you from finding out details of any written or oral discussion about your medical treatment. Not even a court of law can. All you can access is what the doctor or nurse voluntarily records in your chart. . • You may not pump your own gas in service stations. . • You must let your dishes drip dry.You can't pump your own gas. . Drivers must yield to pedestrians who . are standing on the sidewalk.. . It is illegal to place a container filled with . human fecal matter on the side of any highway.. . Babies may not be carried on the running boards . of a car.. . A door on a car may not be left open longer than is . necessary.. . An adult may not show a minor any piece of classical . artwork which depicts sexual excitement.. . The "Peer Review Statute" prohibits you from finding . out details of any written or oral discussion about your . medical treatment.. . It is illegal to whisper "dirty" things in your lover's ear . during sex.. . It is illegal to buy or sell marijuana, but it is legal to smoke. it on your own property.. . One may not bathe without wearing "suitable clothing," . . Canned corn is not to be used as bait for fishing.. . You must buy a $10 permit to be allowed to install a burglar alarm.. . Eugene. It is illegal to show movies or attend a car race on Sundays.. It is legal to conduct a horse race or a symphony concert.. . Hood River. Juggling is strictly prohibited without a license.. . Klamath River. It's illegal to walk down a sidewalk and knock a snakes head off with your cane.. . Marion. You cannot eat a doughnut and walk backwards on a city street.. Ministers are forbidden from eating garlic or onions before delivering a sermon.. . Myrtle Creek. One may not box with a kangaroo.. . Portland. Shoelaces must be tied while walking down the street.. It's against the law for a wedding ceremony to be performed at a skating rink.. People may not whistle underwater.. You cannot wear roller skates in restrooms.. No one may attempt to cause someone to think that their property may be subjected to "offensive physical contact".. Minors may not enter a room where a "social game" is being played.. Trucks may not be parked on the street.. Riders of sleds may not attach themselves to passing cars.. Persons may not pass through a "traffic congestion thoroughfare" more than twice per night.. . Salem. Women may not wrestle in Salem.. . Springfield. It is illegal to own a reptile within the city limits, unless you are a school or city, as a pet.. . Stanfield. It is against the law for animals to have sex in the city limits.. Cloth towel dispensers are banned from restrooms.. No more than two people may share a single drink.. . Yamhill. It is illegal to predict the future.. No one may allow their cellar door to remain open.You can gamble if you are over 18, but the only places to gamble, the state requires you to be 21 or over.
La Carreta is cheap, and the food is average at best; it's the Cuban version of a diner.  However, they are (or were; been a while since I've been there) open very late, so they were great for dinner at 2am.. . Versailles is a cut above LC,  but still nothing to write home about.yep semi fast food family style is what they server. Not exactly zagat worth raiting lol. But they do very well people want fast food cheap and good portions. Like we say in spanish. . BUENO, BONITO, Y BARATO.. . good, good looking and good price!!!I think people would recommend these places because it shows people Cuban culture, and restaurants that can`t be found anywhere else in the world. The food isn`t all bad, but it is cheap. I love Versailles, though! = ]I think is Cuban tradition. But I prefer The VersallesMaybe  because they are good!
Ireland has a pitiful coastguard and North Americans here are overlooked by the authorities because they are so busy with the huge influx of Eastern European immigrants recently.. So, if you can actually get a boat to bring you over without one, you might actually get away with it fro a time. But eventually you'll have to register and ask not to be deported if you wanna earn any kind of living here.My guess is impossible .you be better of swimmingIM FROM IRELAND...i'll let you into a wee secret from the Fairy Lands....just close your eyes and noone will see youPretty much impossible. They will not let you into Ireland without a passport. . . The only way to cross the Atlantic by ship as a passenger is by cruise line. Most sail out of New York. From Canada, some do stop in St Johns before crossing.. . If you are sailing by yourself, it would still be a major undertaking. The Atlantic is smaller than the Pacific, but still a challenge.Not very easy.. . The north atlantic is pretty dangerous.  I'm pretty sure the Titanic sunk somewhere up there.NO Way.  Try something betteryoure having a laugh right!!!!Ask other drug dealers who have done it beforei dont know call the coast guard and ask themthere are no boats from canada to Ireland except for cruise linersAh dont mind all the above answers.Its handy enough.
The timetable will change before that date, but you have a trip that leaves Fredrichshafen at 13:33, you must change trains at Ulm (train arrives 14:45, connection leaves 14:55, platform numbers are in the timetable).  Connecting train arrives 18:02 at Salzburg.  The cost of the trip (without reductions or travel cards) is EUR 171 for the four persons.call Rail Europe (eurostar) they can tell you and give you great pricing....1866-852-RAIL (7245)
Go to their website and hit career oppurtunities. You will find all the information there.better chance with united if you start in rez... than transfer out...  you'll have a much better chance if you move to Chicago... Like the above lady said they promote from within first.... remember the employees own united... lol no really they supposedly do...  . . Almost all the united Vegas people have trf from Chicago... get your foot in the door... than worry about getting the position you want... the benefits are great... if you can stick it out for life... my moms retired now she fly everywhere for taxes only... talk about a huge savings!. . if your in Vegas try the other airlines the lady above mentionedhttp://www.fly247.net/It's really hard to get a job with a major airline anymore these days.  I worked in Vegas for another airline.  It's usually who you know that will get you into a major airline.  In Vegas you may want to try America West or Southwest if you want to get hired soon.  They have a very high turn over rate and are always hiring out there.  But the major US carriers may be harder to get on with when they are still cutting jobs.  They have to post the job opening on the internal system and after an extended period of time, if there is no response from with in, they will open it up to the public.  A city like Las Vegas is one that attracts a lot of agents to transfer, I did.  If you are specific to the city you want to work in, you can apply for Temporary or Seasonal Employment and possibly work your way up to full employment status.. . The airlines website will tell you the cities that are available, usually they are smaller cities or if they are larger ones, only seasonal or what is called Ready Reserve which is basically on call.  So, if you want to work for an airline you have to be flexible with the city you want to start in.  As a Customer Service Agent or Ticket/Gate Agent I recommend starting in a smaller city with a low passenger rate.  This will allow you to get familiar with the system at your own pace.  Starting in a place like Vegas where you will board 10,000 people easily a day, it can be overwhelming for new people.  If you want to get on with a major airline, be willing to relocate, but it will be at your own expense.. . In Las Vegas, America West and Southwest do handle a lot of passengers and it can be very stressful at the ticket counter and gates.  As I mentioned before, they have a high turn over rate and low starting pay.
Cedar Point will be having their fireworks show on Tuesday, July 4th at 10:00pm above the aquatic stadium. After the fireworks, they have the "Hot Summer Lights" show on the big screen by Iron Dragon at 11:00pm. The park is open til midnight.If you stay at the park late enough they have a laser show and some fire works. One would guess that they would do a huge fire works show the weekend before the 4th but they might even do it on the 4th. I love cedar park though i've been there quite a few times and go right after they open up a new ride. It's a great park, and well worth the admissions price.
without shoes?Put one foot in front of the other,then push.Put one foot in front of the other!  Head west and when you get to the ocean hang a left if you are near Oregon.  Hang a right if you are near the Mexican border.with a great deal of difficulty and it's a very, very long walk.
clean .... simple and clean.... or beach bum... so either a nice breathable shirt and and jeans or slacks  or wife-beater and Dickie shorts ... There are all styles here just like everywhere else from the preppy ( ambecrombie ) to the skater (vans and Dickie) to the pimps/players ( fubu, phat farm, ect.) to the surfer (old worn clothes )... so chances are you'll fit in but do bring flip flops because everyone wears sandals...Chances are it'll be in the 70's to the 90's so nice the whole time .I've lived here for a few years now and as a college student i understand the desire to fit in. Usually a good attire consists of a few things. During a nice sunny day, a nice pair of Khaki shorts and a light colored shirt, and sandals or flip flops is a good bet. And if it's not as nice out, or you're going out, a nice pair of jeans or slacks is good with a nice dark shirt tucked in or not, your choice, with a nice collared over shirt unbuttoned. As long as you're not wearing a coat or sweater you'll blend in, there's much diversity of style in this city.Pretty much the same way they dress anywhere else. Shorts. What ever is in style for shirts (button down, polo, t-shirt). You can wear just about anything there. I lived there and you have a little of everything.Just like everybody else.................?SKIRTS it's all about the legs this summer......Contrary to the other answers, San Diegans don't dress like everyone else. Clothing is usually simple and sparse; T-shirts, shorts and sandals. They have to be the RIGHT stuff or you will stick out like the kook that you are. Focus on the quality and style of the shorts and sandals. . . WHAT NOT TO WEAR.... . Don't wear whatever people from Arizona wear. Somehow, Zonies stick out like a sore thumb in San Diego no matter how much they try to hide it. The combination of the haircut and clothing gives them away as being desert travelers. . . Have fun!board shorts and t-shirts.  flip flops.  jeans a collared shirt and dress shoes if you're going out.
Probably being cheated by unscrupulous taxi drivers! The weather could get to some who are more adjusted to cooler climates, so wear cotton.. Other than that you should get by just fine.. Majority in our country speak English therefore there's no language barrier.. People here are generally friendly & helpful.been mistreated and abuse.. . look wat you do to the Singaporean. You steal their car, rob them in daylight, cheat them (taxi drivers), complains that Singaporean are spending too much that cause the price to go up.The MRT which is inpunctual even though the clock there already state the time of the arriving time of the train. Most of the time you have to wait for a few minutes. . . Get cheat by the taxi drivers(i mean in KL). They raise the amount of the meter before the passenger get inside the taxi. If they don't do that, they'll not follow the meter and set the fee by themself.Traveling to the country is no problem. KLIA is a state of the art airport, that can handle travelers with ease.. . The problems fall into two different groups.. . Why people don't come... for the most part, people don't know that much about the country. You have to educate people to why they want to visit, and a pair of towers isn't enough.. . The other group of problems is once the arrive.. . I've ranted and raved (like many others) about the cabs!  Many times the cab driver will be the person's first contact with a local. First impressions are very important, and the average cab driver leaves a VERY POOR first impression.. . While I don't like to compare Singapore to Malaysia, I must admit, that Malaysia could learn something about cabs from them.. . The other problem is also well known, clean western toilets. While it is more a east vs. west culture thing. For westerners especially women, it is a major thing! Many western women simply can't use a pit.  Unlike our Asian counter parts, we haven't developed that acrobatic act.  Even in the poorest parts of the U.S. where they don't have plumbing, the pit has a seat to sit on and paper... known as the outhouse.. . While the major hotels, malls and tourist places now have a few stalls. There are many places that don't. It's hard to enjoy a trip, if you are always worried about if there is a place to take care of business.Robin is so right -- taxis and toilets! Too many taxi drivers either do not speak much English, or they pretend they don't. If you get an honest taxi driver who knows enough English, then it's fantastic. I never had an English-speaking taxi driver (of any race) cheat me in KL, Kuching, Kuala Terengganu, or anywhere else! The only bad thing is, sometimes they drop you at a spot that is not convenient for you, because they don't want to face the "jam" after they drop you. There should be better supervision of the taxi drivers in all the major cities.. . Okay, toilets. You would think that a country that has a paid employee inside every public restroom (tandas) would have clean, sanitary restrooms. Ha! There is no paper. There are no towels. The floors are soaking wet. There's no hook to hang your purse (you end up holding it in your teeth!). It's unsanitary and disgusting. Most of all, it gives every visitor (Western or not) a very bad impression of cleanliness in this otherwise careful country. . . The food inspections are scrupulous, and it's safe to eat hawker food all over Malaysia. How many other developing countries can make that claim? And yet, it's true in Malaysia. It is becoming a popular destination for Muslims because they can trust the food to be safe and halal. That's a good point for Malaysian tourism.. . The new airport is in a stupid location, but there's nothing to be done about it. At least you can take the express train from KL. . . Signage can be poor in a lot of places, including the airport when you get off the international flight after first arriving in KL! There could be clearer street signs and directions all around the tourist areas of KL -- especially where you are trying to find the entrance to the Star or Putra LRT stations! The one at Masjid Jamek is the most confusing for tourists. You try to change from one line to the other, and you end up getting lost! At least the first time.. . You know that "rudeness" ad campiagn on TV ... well, for tourism Malaysia needs a new ad campaign about toilets and taxis. Those are really the two biggest problems.. . Otherwise, Malaysia is a really wonderful place to visit. More people ought to try it. The beaches and the mountains are wonderful, and so is the food!rubbish all around,cheater especially the taxi driver n sometimes could b the hotel workers ( u need to be careful and alert ),the weather is hot (sometimes you can feel like u were in sahara desert),overall, malaysia is very great country to visit ...You will encounter the petronas towers.the weather,the toilet, the food, and the taxi. . the weather=its very hot here, very humid, you will get burned or tanned in no time. . the toilet=warning, toilets here are usually wet except those you found in most  PLUS highway where they are usually clean and dry. there is no tissue in the toilets because malaysian use water so buy that 30 cent tissue at the enterance or bring your own toilet roll when you enter. although in klcc there is this VIP toilet where you pay RM 3 to enter it. its expensive, clean, dry and has The Body Shop Toiletries for you to use.. . The food=yes although food is the main attraction in malaysia some tourist may have problems. some food are very spicy like sambal, curries and tom yams, while some require bravery and a strong tongue like durian, belachan or budu. vegetarians will have a hard time finding food coz malaysian love their meats, so eat at pizza hut where you can get fresh salads and veggie pizza or at KFC where you can have their coleslaw or fresh garden salads, these are two most common fast food place in malaysia.. . taxi=ahh the stupid bastard son of biathches, they charge you without using the meter, they take the longest route possible to raise the fare and they have the oddesity to refuse to take you somewhere because of the jam. avoid them, only use if you a really desperate. use the rapid KL buses, RM 2 ticket can be used numerous time a day any where in KL, there service is fast, their bus drivers are friendly and the bus has an efficient air con. Lrt STAR and PUTRA and KTM Komuter are also are great way to travel.humidity
Ummm, cause it's not a state capital ?its a great place, you have the shops, the pubs, the beaches, the valley & the lake - u couldn't ask for moreAt one time Newcastle was a polluted place to live in until about 30 years ago.. I used to  commute from Sydney to Newcastle about three times a week.. The Wran Government at the time cleaned it up like they did with Darling Harbour.. Newcastle is New South Wales second largest city. It has a fantastic bus and train service.If Newcastle was to be included, so should Gosford.
I never travel with out a Fodor's guide.  The walking tours are the best you can get and they give all kinds of little tips and secrets, along with ideas on what to do if you have only a certain amount of days in an area.I would recommend a Lonely Planet guide (especially since you're on a pretty tight budget).  They're kind of focused to a younger demographic so you will have a lot of great resources.  I just got the London one and even though I've already been there, it's given me an amazing amount of information.  I do like the DK Eyewitness guides because of all the pictures and history but Lonely Planet is the way to go.
I'm 25 and I love Sesame Street! Can you remember the words to the song?...It's a magic carpet ride. Every door will open wide. To happy people like you...Nope might scare the little kids when they watch it. But if they make some Adult Swim cartoon out of it, hell yea!
delta. i have problems with them the last time. i don't like their customer service, they don't like to help you.Jetsgo...because they shutdown 12 hours after i arrived on my vacation and i had to pay for a new flight home!!!US Air.. . Rude ground staff. They also don't always tell passengers (or asI saw once, crew) about gate changes/delaysi hate jamaica Air not to be mean or anything its just so loud and out of control.Southworst?Southwest... need I say more.Least favorite airline would be Aeroflot.. They fly old planes that should not be flying.
South Point in Phoenix, AZ.  They got a Hilton and backyard waterpark but nicer than a normal one.Jamaica!floridaianswer lyk u sins u gots no sins its ta naRiding four wheelersEverglades, heading over there next week.maui, that was where we went for our honeymoon:)))
its o.k. people are trynna move back but there is still a lot of killing well they been doing that b4 da hurricane da jobs r paying way more money its o.k.Awesome - I love living there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1great !..  great city.. great culture.. people.. food.. music.. everythyinglife isnt the best... nagin sucks and so does this storm season...i dnoIts pretty messed up, but alot of businesss have reopened........alot more people in the metro areas now, a bit of overcrowding!!Sad compared to what was once there.
Cook Strait.. . The ferry crossing from Wellington to Picton is one of the most beautiful in the World.. . Enjoy.The River MerseyDefinitely not the River Mersey.. . Cook Strait is correct, and I can see it from my house. The sun is shining on it today, and it looks very calm.The ferry trip to Picton is very nice..... . but not on a rough day... and the cook straight does get rough... . cheers
don't take a taxi, hop on the train right from the airport. Newark Penn Station is the next stop from the Airport, just be sure you don't go to the New York Penn Station--both are really close together and both are really cheap to get to by train.www.njtransit.com. Use their trip planner. Get out of Jersey ASAP!. Good luck!http://www.panynj.gov/aviation/egtsmain.HTM. . sorry...my info was in error.. except the part about Newark being a dump.take the taxi its quick and fast.. but ask them how much it is before u go and have the right change. They always tell u they dont have change so they can keep it.Yes there is a Newark Penn Station, and obviously you know that..the other person doesnt.  You can take the NJ Transit from the airport to NJ Penn Station. You're looking at about $7.50 for that ride.
6 hours ahead of Eastern Standard Time. 7 hours ahead of Central Standard Time. 8 hours ahead of Mountain Standard Time. 9 hours ahead of Pacific Standard Time9:58 pm  6 hours ahead eastern timeI think it is 1 hr ahead of GMT9:57 PM right this minute...http://www.bmc.com/cgi-bin/bmcclock.cgi?location=Germany&GMThoff=+1&GMTmoff=http://www.worldtimeserver.com/current_time_in_DE.aspx
Holland is in fact only a region of the Netherlands (country). It is like saying England for Great Britain, except that the Dutch don't get cross.And they are called Dutch too?? Confusing lot them........... people!!!deutchland or germany.... india or hindustan....The Netherlands is the name the Dutch prefer their homeland to be called.. Holland is the name the rest of the World calls it, ( I called being stuck in the mud ). If they want it to be called the Netherlands, so be it!Holland is technically a province in the Netherlands. The formal name for the entire country is the Netherlands. I dont really know why, I'm from Holland and we call it both too. . And for the dude up there- Dutch is our language/nationality. Not country.Holland is the name for the football team.. Netherlands is European Union name.The Dutch name is Netherlands, they don't like it to be called Holland, which is what English-speaking people call it(probably because that's what the first English-speaking people called it when they first went there.. I think Netherlands refers to more than one country, simply meaning the low countries.The US has 2 names, too. America and the United States. It's not unusual.its like the u.s. united states or america i dont know im just guessingThere are 11 provinces in the Netherlands. Two of those are called North Holland and South Holland. Because in the past most industry and commerce originated in these two provinces the words made in Holland appeared and it stuck through the ages.Holland comes from  17th. century "Holt land", which means "land with lots of woods" which is not the case anymore.. Netherlands or " low lands" refers to the country's low setting. (Some of it below sea level.). There are two provinces at the west side of the country which are called North Holland and South Holland. Those are the best known and most urbanized provinces with Amsterdam and Rotterdam located in it.The Netherlands is the country's official name. Holland is it's biggest province. (Not that that answers your question.)it is not strange to have two names, you know.  example:. US/america. China/People's Republic of China. UK/England. blahblahblah buy an atlas and have fun looking them up!Lots of answers already just want to add that in Dutch we normal refer to the country as Nederland (the Netherlands) except when shooting for football. The Flemish Belgians, who speak the same language say Holland. Some or maybe most people from the south of Holland (or people not from the two provinces Noord- en Zuid-Holland) normally tell that they do not like the word Holland for the Netherlands but they use it too. I would say that nowadays Holland does not refer any longer to these 2 provinces but to the whole country. the term Holland is used more and more, especially in the tourist industry. But in any official context the term the Netherlands will always be used e.g. Embassy of the Netherlands. Btw the example of the United States and America is not similar. because these 2 abbreviations are part of the same name.Long time ago the country was the Republic of 7 united Netherlands. (17th century). That was the name the country took after the war with Spain (The King of Spain claimed the country as his territory). The 7 united Netherlands were Holland, Zeeland, Groningen, Utrecht, Friesland, Gelderland and Overijssel. Each part was called a 'Provincie'. The republic was sometimes called The Republic of 7 united provinces. . The most influential province was Holland, which was responsible for 60% of the income of the republic. Therefor many people called it Holland. So you could compare it with England and the United Kingdom. . Later the country became a kingdom again. The name became The Netherlands. But many people still call the country Holland. A 'pars pro toto' like England is a 'pars pro toto' for the UK.
84 cents for the first ounce; you can use any combination of stamps with at least that face value.. . Even the "to" address does not need to be in Japanese characters, unless you prefer.  (You might be safer in Western characters if you don't know Japanese.)  The "to" address should say "Japan" in English at the bottom (below the rest).. . The return address should be in English.Write the letter put it in an envelope addressing the envelope with the correct address ... dont forget to put stamps ... and bang .. post it ... lolOnes have to approach postal counter,weights your mail,buy enough stamps ,licked it with ones tongue(tasty)glue it to an envelope,drops it into allocation box,otherwise  cheapest way, to train a mailling pigeon.No special stamps, but the postage is, of course, more than if you were mailing within the U.S. (or to Canada or Mexico).  If you have a plain letter, one ounce or less, the cost of postage is $.84.  Over one ounce but under 2 ounces would be $1.80, and under 3 ounces but over 2 would be $2.75.  You can use any combination of postage stamps (U.S.) to put on your letter.  If you have a package or need more information, you can go to www.usps.com to get further info.Nope, regular postage stamps.  Go to the post office though, to make sure you have enough on the envelope, I think it goes by weight to anywhere in the world.  But go to the post office.. . I sent a letter to a solder in Iraq, and it took three stamps, it was a thick letter.go to your local Post Office and find out. Better be safe than sorry, right?Ask the mail clerk to send the letter Via Airmail. They handle the stamps and whatnot. And that's it! it's very simple =). . Edit* It's okay to use English letters for the address, it's perfectly acceptable. =)Just affix 3 39 cents stamps not unless it a parcel it needs to be weighed in the post office.put a stamp on ituse the correct address and postage.
It was such a long time ago that she might not even remember you. And the company might not even have records of her anymore. I think it's best if you just move on and keep fond memories of her.. . If you knew her last name, you could try looking her up in LA, since that was the last know place of destination for her.I would have no idea! But i fi were you i would contact Royal Jordian airline and explain that its really important for you to find this person... (make up a lie if its "confidential" and say your a relative or a distance cousin...it usually works!) You should have got her number! would have been far easier!.  ;). . xxIf she wanted you to find her she'd have given you her number.  STOP STALKING HER!
As it turns out, flight numbers contain no special codes, other than the fact that they're generally assigned sequentially in order of flight departure time. They are usually assigned by an airline's marketing department.Here is how u find it! U take the number of the state u r traveling 2 lyk its w/e number that state came n 2 the US lyk hawaii would b 50 so u would jst take 5 n then u take the # of the state ur traveling from n same lyk the first u put the first # of wat time it came n 2 the US then the nxt # is the hour on which the plain is goin 2 travel!I don't really know, but I have seen a fact:. American Airlines gives 2 digit flight numbers when going to London, and some airlines gives number for a round trip, for example, Mexicana flight MEX-JFK is number 2 and 4, and JFK-MEX are 1 and 3.. I don't think they are asigned timwise, because the 6AM flight would always be the flight number 1 and the 11:55PM would always be the 40, and it is not like that.. I think it works marketswise, as AA, Europe es 10-99, South America 700-750, Asia 1000-1100, I don't know!
Take TC-1 all the way to Kingston. Then take TC 17 south towards Toronto. . 2068 MilesLook on MapQuest.  They will give you good info.trans canada I took the greyhouond from london, Ont  to whistler, BC and it only cost $115Just follow the Trans Canada highway. It may not be the most direct route but it will get you there just the same.GreyhoundGo north to Barrie, head to Sudbury and west to Sault Ste Marie, North to Wawa, West to Thunder Bay, Winnipeg, Regina and lastly Calgary. It'll take you 3 days for sure and it's boring after Winnipeg. Take lots of CDs because stretches of the highway, there's no radio ... except for CBC radio.Take the Trans Canada #1 or better yet do a search with yahoo maps and it will tell you everything from a left  to a right and exactly how far inbetween.. Its a cool feature, use it all the time
Rainy season, off and on. Really just lite showers.Hot sunny, with the occasional tropical shower or hurricane.HOT HOT!!!The climate in Puerto Vallarta is tropical and humid, with an average of 300 sunny days each year. . . The weather from November through June is dry and sunny almost every day. . Occasionally in the winter months there will be some early morning fog or low clouds. . The rainy season in Puerto Vallarta extends from late June through October, but primarily during the months of July, August and September. . Most of the rains occur late in the afternoon or early evening. While sometimes heavy, they usually last no more than an hour or so. . . Puerto Vallarta sits at sea level, so the humidity and temperature can be high in the summer months. But for the rest of the year, Puerto Vallarta enjoys the weather of paradise.July-Aug is the absolute worst time to go to PV. The humidity will totally drain you.HOT, HOT and VERY HOT including HUMID and MUGGY....... Welcome to Mexico Gringos...................... Enjoy and sweat the fat away.....................
011-33-1, then the number. The zero before the 1 is used only if calling from inside France.. To call FROM Paris is 011, area code then phone number.you would dial 011-33-1 and then the number011...country code-city code..+ numberSweetMommy is right on how to call Paris from the US. . . However, to call the US from France, you dial 00 1 312 (00 for international, 1 us country code and area code, etc.).
The student centre at your school should know...  The student council or the student travel centre if there is one.. . Otherwise, you can buy one at "ID" shops in some cities... dodgy but they work.http://www.isic.org/sisp/index.htm
maybe if you knew more data about him...but like this...as the previous guy said, his name is wquite common...you might go on hungarian chat lines and ask around, but you must share some more info about him. i would gladly help...Fly to Hungary, rob a bank, kill a few people, go to a roof top attempting to jump...then I am sure the TV cameras will be there and while they are filming you, you can ask the tv viewers where to find your man...Try the online phone book. Moln?r G?bor is quite a frequent name and Budapest is a big city. I personally don’t think I can help you. Good luck :)
Bureau of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)  . Official site includes links to immigration forms, laws and regulations, and field office information. Formerly known as the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS).Immigration and Naturalization ServiceThey are the men who come in the middle of the night and ship ill-eg-os back over the borderINS stands for the Immigration and Naturalization Service, the former name of what is now the United States Citizenship and Immigration Service (USCIS), a division of the Department of Homeland Security.the immmagration people, you screw up they will deport you
Go to the page below, print out the application, fill it out, and send (take) the completed application to the closest passport agency.. . You might want to check into visas also....some countries require them and you will need to send your passport to them to obtain one.. . Hope this helps.For the US, have a picture taken first.  Please believe me, the post office pictures make you look like a dead convict.  Fill out the form online mentioned above & print.  Call your local post office to see if an appointment is necessary.  Bring your pictures, government-issued id (driver's license, state id card, see above  site for any id questions) & a certified birth certificate.   It will take approximately six weeks if you do regular service, about two weeks (& twice as much) to have it expedited. Have fun in your travels!For a USA passport: Visit your local post office, public library, or courthouse.  They will provide you with the necessary forms or tell you which office has them if they don't.  You will need to apply in person if it's your first time.  Check the link below for more help on location and what you will need to bring.FOR WHICH COUNTRY??? ARE YOU IN THE US?Pick up an application at the post office. Have a passport photo taken (Target, lots of places do it), mail the whole thing in, wait. That's all, pretty easy.You can get them from a library. Or in my area some grocery stores also make them. You could also go to Immigrations office. But the library is the best source. You have to pay a fee for them.Go to your local post office. Depending on your age it is up to $97. They will take your picture for $15 more. You will need your birth certificate(certified),and at least one photo ID like a drivers license, and your social security number (card). . . If you don't have one or more of these, visit your post office and they will instruct you.
Very carefully.ex1: If the number you want to reach is, for example in Taipei city--(02)2555-1212 where (02) is the city code, then you should dial: 011-886-2-2555-1212 from Hawaii or anywhere in the US.  Note that the city code 02 is truncated to 2.. ex2: to dial a cell phone# 0938-555-666, you should dial 011-886-938-555-666. Note that the 0938 is truncated to 938.Same.. . Hawaiians also used the term "Taiwan".You dial the international dialing code (either 001 or 011) followed by country code (886) province code (if any) followed by the phone number. Calling mobile number, you can drop the province code.i dont know...sorryuse your phone.
Similar to US citizenship requirements.... . First pick the country you want to live in. Once you have arrived there, go to the proper office (usually the town hall in a small city or the main police office in a larger one), and request a residents permit, at the same time ask how long you have to live there before becoming a citizen of the country (Usually it is a minimum of 5 years residence in the same place, but these laws sometimes change, so check it out at the office where you fill out the forms)..  And different countries may have slightly different requirements.a lot of money or marry someone from there
White Rock Lake has undergone many rennovation projects. Well worth an afternoon stroll.there's lots to do in Dallas, it just depends on what you're looking for. There are several lakes surrounding dallas such as White Rock, Lake Lewisville, Lake Ray Hubbard, etc. There's also several clubs/bars in Addison/Lower Greenville/Downtown/Uptown area...museums, theme parks, zoo, aquarium and much moreThe aquarium is really neat.  It is really beatiful in Dallas.  There is also go-carts, lake, etc.If you like concerts, visit this site:. http://www.klty.com/celebratefreedom/index.htm. . A group of us are going to that for the fireworks & concerts.  Good clean fun for the whole family.  It is this weekend (July 1).. . ENJOY!!!!There is some great comedy clubs, Ft. Worth has the stockyards, and you must either buy a cowboy hat or boots!!! Have Fun!6 flags. Go to top of Hyatt for revolving bar. Art galleries, all sorts of museums. Theater, sports, movies.. Dallas is one of the largest cities in the country. . Pretty much everything to do in Dallas.Go to church.  There is one on every corner.nothing. But there's Bass Hall and tons of museums in Fort Worth, Benbrook Lake in Benbrook, and Six Flags in Arlington. Thats about all in the Metroplex I can think of off the top of my head.Hit the lake!if you want to do some cheap (not always) bargain shopping, you can go to traders village in grand prairie, but its real hot this time of year. also, check out medieval times on I-35,  and the West End doesnt have anything anymore, so dont waste your time there unless u just want to walk around dallas for some historical sites or dinner
www.switchboard.com maybe?  If that doesn't work....maybe go to the post office or city hall of their last location and ask for a forwarding address and follow it...? My friend works for a newsstation and told me before how to do it....the right questions to ask and where/who to ask them...but that information is lost somewhere in my brain... :PCredit reports can help you with that. Or go to WHITEPAGES.COM and u can search too.
Wyoming is a great place if you don't like big cities. I used to live there and loved it. Now we live in Albuquerque and are trying to move outside city limits... I agree with previous post... why not move back?That's a darn good question. Where did you move to?. If you want space, clean air, love the outdoors, fishing, hunting, camping, hiking and NO waiting - move back!
Adelaide is mid-winter in July so it's pretty cold, a bit rainy (general winter conditions), it's not as cold as the more mountainous areas of australia though.. Darwin only has two seasons- wet and dry -this is because the temperature only really varies between about 14-34 degrees celcius here, but in the wet season (oct-may) we get monsoon rains and the humidity soars to over 90%, which many people find unbearable.  In contast the dry season typically has little rain, much lower humidity and the temps are at the lower end of the scale which most people find comfortable in shirts/shorts - some of us locals might break out a jacket on a cool evening though.Adelaide is cold in July. Definitely need your winter woolies. Darwin however is lovely. It gets so hot in summer so when it is winter (July) it becomes bearable. You can wear tshirts and shorts.i think i was there in july and it wasn't bad... i was evenn swimming so it was pretty warm.. (in darwin)Here in Darwin during July it has a min of 19c to a maximum of 30c.  Lovely clear skies and no chance of rain.  Youll definetly only need Tshirts and singlets.  You can also swim quite comfortably this time of year!
Get absolutely stinking drunk! You wont remember the flight, or the trip to the hotel, and probably not the first noght. But at least you wont get scared.take up swimming. but you will still be wet. get your doctor to give you a downer.you need to face your fears, get someone to take you on a flight in a light aircraft and do loop de loops, that should help you overcome your fear of flying. . . Otherwise you could get a tranqualizer for why you fly.Have a look at the website www.askcaptainlim.com, particularly the FAQs (frequently asked questions) sections covering all aspects of flying, fear of flying, etc.. This site should provide a lot of useful information and reassurance for you, and an informed air traveller is a happier one.  Best of luck!Try not to think about the fact that you're so far off the ground as to anyone that'd be a bit scary. I am also from the caribbean and when I know i'll be travelling I try to get as LITTLE sleep as possible. That way when I get on the plane I'm too tired to be nervous and usually sleep through the majority if not the whole flight.Sleep. Grab a cd player use gum etc.put on some good music and close your eyes. I get nervous on planes and it works fine for me. Reading doesn't seem to help because you get distracted so easily.No easy way I'm afraid, you will have to use drugs (as in sleeping pills) especially for really long trips.I take 1 or 2 sleeping pills as I walk on, im asleep in no time.Increase the travel frequency and you'll get used to it.. There is no other way, taking sleeping pills is harmful.Take sea sickness pills. Two should do. If possible, take a 5 milligram valium with them but don't take them until you're on the plane.Make sure to have coffeee before leaving the plane. Ask the stewardess to wake you for a coffee for your medication 20 minutes before you land, and for back up support, put a high caffeine chocolate bar in your pocket. By the time you land you'll feel fresh and alive.2 relax on a plane is NOT 2 GET ON ITThink about why your nervous.. Are you afraid of the plane going down ?. Have a good look at what it is that is making you nervous .. When you find what it is think rational thoughts.. Sounds simple but a thought can make or break you!. One loses a lot of enjoyment by letting fear rule their thinking.
Seattle weather conditions are always changing, but generally you can expect daytime temps in the high 70's and evenings in the 60's.  Bring an umbrella.i don't know it changes every 5 min.Depends on what day you goSeptember is lovely.Average temp for Seattle in September is right around 70.  Summer frequently extends well into September (and even early October) but you can still expect a little rain.Bring sunscreen, shorts, tank top, umbrella, galoshes, raincoat, sweater... Well you get the picture.  Seattle will change on you in an instant that time of year.  They say "if you don't like the weather, wait 5 minutes."
Islands off the country of Spain, Phi Phi Island in Thailand, and Boracay in the PhilippinesMallorca - for european citizens. Bahamas for US citizensKrabi in Thailand,  the Phi Phi islands, Reilly beach.That depends where you're starting from. If you're in the same place as me, the Western Isles (Skye is closest) are probably cheapest.Jamaica baby!! Not sure of how cheap it is but its FUN FUN FUN!!!Bahamas, but no island is safe, but it is cheap.Wear a fanny pack, don't take valuables.Philippines - Malapascua in Cebu, Palawan
Sundeep is a popular Indian name, derived from the epic Mahabharatha. It is primarily used by men and women from Hindu or Sikh backgrounds. There are a number of interpretations, but in the Sikh tradition it means light of the sun (sun + light), and it perhaps means "a lighted lamp" or "enlightened" in Sanskrit.I have an Indian friend, he suggests someone who's spreading light like Sun, if I understand what he is mentoning, or someone who is enlightening?The name Sandeep is of Hindu origin. Its meaning is, "Rishi (Sega of Gods), named after Sandipani Rishi". Sandeep is a male name.
England is only a part of the United Kingdom. The UK is composed of England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, plus dozens and dozens of isles (Scilly, Hebrides, Isle of Man, etc., some Channel islands, etc. etc.), Gibraltar, Falklands.....England is a country in its own right...  together England, Scotland and Wales make up Great Britain...  Great Britain and Northern Ireland together then becomes the United KingdomThe United Kingtom consists of England, Wales, and Scotland.OK now most people seem to be answering this wrong so let me tell you straight......... The United Kingdom of Great Britain (UK for short) consists of 4 countries.... England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland (The republic of Ireland is independant). These 4 countries make up the UK. Also included in the UK are the channel Islands (Jersey, Guernsey etc and the Islands off Scotland.... Shetland isles, orkney isles etc. The Isle of Man is also part of the UK although they have their own government). And England is not an Island. To be an Island a country must be surrounded by waterEngland is the island country (not including Scotland or Wales). The United Kingdom includes Scotland, Wales and all British IslesENGLAND, MY ENGLAND?. . The name "Britain" seems to have been around for ever, but there has never been a geographical or political entity properly called by that name or any equivalent. Far too many people, including my teenage daughter's history teacher, confuse the history of England with that of the British Isles as a whole and are equally confused about what constitutes the United Kingdom, which is a contraction of three historically different full names.. . Having studied (mainly British and Empire) history for over 30 years, I concur with the following list of states that have existed in the British Isles as given in “The Isles: A History” by Norman Davies and have taken the liberty of adding further details. . . I guarantee that every prior answer above is incomplete or plain wrong and if anybody wants to dispute any of the details I've included, I can produce at least one reference in addition to Norman Davies. Wikipedia is welcome to debate any details I may differ from them on.. . The Ancient British tribal principalities continued until the Roman occupation, with the last tribes holding out until around 70 AD.. . Roman Britannia (43 BC - 410 AD), from which "Britain" is derived never included any part of Hibernia, where Irish High Kings ruled until the 12th century, and included only part of what we currently call "Scotland" (the area between the Antonine Wall and Hadrian's Wall) for only a short period.. . The independent British /Welsh principalities existed from the 5th century until 1283 and included Cornwall, Cumbria and Strathclyde with each speaking its own unique variant of Gaelic, existed alongside and fought with the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms until the 10th century.. . “The Kingdom of the Scots” existed from the 9th century until 1651 and between 1660 and 1707.. . “The Kingdom of England” was formed in the 10th century (not that it contained all of that which we would think of as England today) and with its dependencies, which included the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, the Welsh March and English-occupied Wales and Scotland, existed as a separate political entity until 1536.. . “The Kingdom of England and Wales” was formed after the formal annexation of Wales by England in 1536 and lasted until 1649, before being revived for the period between 1660 and 1707.. . “The Kingdom of Ireland” existed from 1541 to 1649 and again from 1660 to 1800.. . “The Commonwealth and Free State of England, Wales and Ireland” existed between 1649 and 1654.. . “The Commonwealth of Great Britain and Ireland” (alias the 'First British Republic') lasted from 1654 - 1660, after which England and Wales, Scotland and Ireland reverted to being separate kingdoms.. . In 1707 the “United Kingdom of Great Britain” was created by the union of England and Wales with Scotland. The whole of Ireland was added in 1801 to create “the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.”. . The “Irish Free State” was granted independence in 1922 (and the became the Irish Republic or Eire) leaving a rump “United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.”. . Geographically, the island containing England, Scotland and Wales is known as Great Britain and if the island of Ireland is added, we have what is still known as the British Isles.. .  In pre-Roman times Herodotus, the "Father of History," refers to the British Isles as "the Tin Islands." Pytheas of Massilia, in the 4th century BC referred to the British Isles as "Pretanike," with Ireland known as "Ierne" (hence the latin "Hibernia") and Great Britain known as "Nesos Albionon" form which the latin "Albionum" is derived (hence Albion).big corean was right..england scotland and wales. part of the channel islands toEngland is the large country that London is on. United kingdom is half of Ireland and England.
thats a really good question! so many things i would like to see from the past, might see my ancestors as i would like to know more about them. i think i would go to the future although it could be quite scary as i dont know what state our planet will be in. perhaps we wont even be here anymore.first of all a very nice question after all that stupid ones.. . i would obviously go back in time. not just 2-3 thousand years back but millions or billions of years. i m very curious to know about the creation of universe. All this stars, sun, our own solar system how the hell it was created?? how the hell we end up here on earth and not other planet?? how old our planet is? there are so many things i would like to know so back in timeI think of this often.  I would go back to the days of Adam and Eve.  Can you imagine how beautiful our earth was then?  How green the grass was?  How blue the sky was?  What was the color of the ocean before pollution?  . Sometime I am so moved by the sheer beauty of nature.  Can you fathom the beauty of an untouched work of our GOD?I would like to go forward about 2000-2500 years.   . . I figure all of today's social taboos and petty wars would be gone.  . . Various pollution issues would be resolved or else humanity would have had enough time to die off to less population and would be on a much slower growth.. . While I doubt the physics of traveling in space "faster-than-light" will ever be resolved, living in spinning space stations, Terra-forming and colonization "space-arks" will be common.. . All of today's medical technology would be considered stone-age.   . . And I would be able to be altered to live as long as I care to.. . By the way, even if you could travel in time, the earth, solar system and Galaxy would be in a slightly different place so I hope you can hold your breath.  :)BackFuturefor all those who want to go back, rent the movie "Timechanger". If i went into the future it would have to be as an observer. It's not like I could conribute to that society except for "historic" reasons.I would go back N time so I change what I have done N the past & make things better N the future.I would just observe, I am kind of fastenated with Harlem in the 50's and 60's how music styles, where born I think of the cotton club places like that, I would love to see how all live entertained, what they ate and I know they ate more heatlier food them a majority of us, no process foods. cleaner appearences pride, dignity, unity,etc. longer days, cleaner life, more maintain innocence up to 18 or 20 years old. teen agers still played stick ball, basket ball, girl play dubble dutch, and hop scotch. teenager dressed with respect, man look gentleman and girl look like young ladys they were clean. know we got 12 year old wanting to have sex, wear lipstick and dress and dance like the girls in the music videos wear did the youth go? I only seen the end (tip) of the era of kids being innocent and that fast it diappeared and the days got shorter.those days will me missed I wish I got the opporuntiy to experience those days fully.I would want to travel to the future...times are sooo hard now.  I know when the Lord returns and establishes His Kingdom and Peace I want to be a part of that.  At that time things will be better so I guess I won't have to participate but if needed I'm always willing to serve.  :)I would definitly go back in time... to meet Jesus and see all the miracles he performed.Id go forward.  Then I could get some lottery results, know what company has the next huge technology coming out, etc.  Maybe even bring back something to cure AIDS or something.I would like to travel as an observer, for example, I would like to see the building of the Egyptian Pyramids in like 10 minutes or something.When I first read this question (which is excellent), I thought I would just be an observer and I would love to talk to great literary figures - Shakespeare and Charles Dickens for example.. . But now another thought flew into my head, and if I could change just one thing, it would be that the Holocaust never happened and six million Jews were never killed. I know other people were killed in the Holocaust as well - so they also would be saved (gay people, Gypsies, Polish people, all the victims).When you think about it both have plusses to the act of going back or forewards. Back you can change history and would be knowledgable. However changing history also might negate your own existance, which would be bad. Also if you go too far back, people might think of you as crazy when you start talking about buildings that touch the sky and horseless carriges.. . Going foreward is good because you have the potential to learn many new things and bring them back with you. However that is to say you would be able to learn them. How easy would it be to teach someone from the 1700s how to build a car?. . I would personally go into the past, simply because I would be smarter, and better prepared than everyone else. I wouldnt let on that I was from the future, then invent rock and roll, the internet and be a great writer, because all the work is already done for me. And I would make billions just because I was from the future.The old "Changing History" theory still prevails, so I would keep my mouth shut and just observe. In the future of course, as the history of the past is already written.great question! i would do both. forward and back. i love the past so there are a lot of things i wouldlike to check out roman architecture, pyramids...artists...etc. but the future holds a lot of questions as well. i dont think i would whisper anything to anyone...... just observe.I would travel into the 1800's because everthing was so simple, rude people were uncommon and people didn't need computers, phones, air conditioners, and planes to keep happy. Also people could walk somewhere without the worry of getting raped, kidnapped, killed, or whatever. The world was just a whole LOT safer.i would go back in time and invent everything that we have now and everyone would think i'm the smartest person in the worldi would go backwards so i can live a better life now.Backwards, for five minutes to warn my best friend that her boyfriend had aids and was going to infect her with it.if i could travel in times i would like to go to the period where there is no crimes,no bulling each other and  without any struggles in life..Back, because technology is really screwing things up in our environment.
Well.. Keep it some place where the sun wont get to it. In a Container of some kind too where the chocolate wont be moved too much, friction creates heat after all.. . M&M's would work good because they have a shell on them, and wont melt as easily.Back pack in the dead of night.. . If that does not work, forget it. You're now able to have a "fondue".. . Have you ever heard of "dry ice"?You've got to think of a way of storing it so it stays cool. . . Firstly use a cool box if you can or ice packs for storing it.. . When you take it with you put it in the coolest area of your bag. probably where you store your water.. . I would wrap the bar up in foil, to keep out the heat and maybe store that in polystyrene.. . Bascially you want to wrap the bars in anything that is a good insulator. Foil and Polystyrene are Good. . You want to keep the temperature difference between the chocolate bar and its immediate surroundings as little as possible, i.e next to the water which should be cooler. . And if that all fails enjoy your melted chocolate!put them in a small cooler luchbag.put it against a bottle of cold water in your backback. . my chocolate melted on a trip and it got hard again in 5 minutes after my friend did that.. . enjoy your trip!!!!Use a blue ice pack. Wrap chocolate and blue ice together and. cover with a section of the newspaper. Then put in thermal . pack pack with blue ice in it. It should stay cold until lunch time.you don't have ice blocks to refreeze day after day  and you don't want to carry a cool bag. If you want something cooled, wrape it in a thick layer of damp newspaper. The water will evaporate in the heat, cooling whatever it wraps, the same way as sweating cools us. You can top up the dampness as it dries out. Works with beer too.Physics is our friend, children!You can't, really. That is why most backpackers that eat chocolate choose M&M's, which have that coating. It tends to keep them edible longer, if they are stored carefully.put them with your beers ... in the cooler bageat it....All I know is that chocolates that has milk in it tends to melt faster.Maybe you can cut them into small pieces and put them into a flask (the vacuumed one) so it won't melt. Just a suggestion. Hehe..Hershey used to sell a product called the Tropical Bar, a heat-resistant chocolate bar for situations just such as yours.  I understand they now have a similar product called the Desert Bar which is distributed to troops in the middle east.  Check with camping and outdoor outfitters to see if it is available in your area, or call Hershey directly at 1-800-468-1714.Get a small, softsided, zip-up insulated cooler (think lunchbox) and place all chocolate in there with a frozen cooler/freeze pack.  We got one at K-Mart for $12, and it came with a sports waterbottle and freeze insert for the bottle too.take wothers origonals instead. their perfect for back packing.
The greatest problem with driving is the other driver.even as a pedestrian it's so important to understand, or you could be smooshed against the road, especially when you are in a country where everything seems backwards to the average traveller.well you see, that guy from chips, they are essential because if they weren't there, then every duke of hazard would be jumping things and giving people the finger, hope i helped Ponch!!Without them, it would be utter chaos on the road. No one would know when to go, when to stop, what direction other people were going and there would be multiple car pileups. Traffic rules are essential for well organized travel from point A to point B without extra danger.Think of the chaos if there were not traffic rules.  No one would stop.  People would go at whatever speed that they wanted to.  Now some would say that's not a bad idea, but doing 80 on a neighborhood street could cause someone's fatality.for a simple reason to avoid accidents.......
good luck try to go as a student. contact some universities. you might want to contact schools who teach English, some of them also have schools abroad. you may be able to get a job with them.Work until you have enough money to do it.  It won't take all that long and you won't have to rely on anyone else.  You might have to postpone the trip abroad for a little while, but you'll be working toward a goal and learning self-reliance.try microsoft
Send them a letter, describing the problem and threaten legal action if they do not remove you from the list.  Next time, don't give your name out unless you are actually trying to buy or reserve something.If you didn't give any credit card information or other payment method, don't do anything.How are you expected to pay for this unrequested booking?  Did you provide your credit card info or your contact details?  If neither, I would ignore the notification as it was probably designed to have you contact them.  . . If you did give them a means of charging you for the booking, I would suggest that you notify them by phone followed by a registered letter confirming your error and cancellation.  Save your receipt as evidence for the credit card company.
ummm...nothing. . san antonio has nothing...its really boring here...i suggest you just take a napDO NOT GO TO THE ALAMO.  YES, THE IMAX THEATRE. THE. TOWER WILL REOPEN IN TWO WEEKS, THAT IS A MUST.. GO AT NIGHT TO THE TRACKS ON THE SOUTHSIDE OF. SAN ANTONIO. THEY HAVE BEEN FEATURED ON UNSOLVED MYSTERIES. GO WALKING ON THE RIVER.. YOU MUST GO TO CHRIS MADRID'S FOR A HAMBURGER.. IT IS ON HOLLYWOOD AT BLANCO. THAT IS  MORE IMPOR-. TANT THAN SIGHTSEEING.Malls, Six Flags, Sea World, Riverwalk, Alamo, Theaters, Fancy Dinning, driving around down town san antonio at night(traffic but its nice)there are many things other than tourist things to do in San Antonio. There's the Zoo and the missions and of course The Alamo, the Hemisphere tower(have dinner there or take a spin) The Rivercenter mall ( 3 stories) take a boat barge ride or tour the city thru a carriage ride (downtown) take in the sights thru a tour company. Many many things to do ... enjoy!There is allot to do in San Antonio. You can do as everyone seems to suggest and go to the River Walk and the Alamo. You could also go see the Missions, Six Flags, Sea World, The great old architecture of the old hotels downtown, etc.Sit back, relax, have a beer, remember the alamo, go to mcdonalds, wear a cowboy hat, and call everyone tex.... . Cheers!!Visit the San Antonio web site at www.sanantoniovisit.com.  The site has detailed information on various attractions.  Have fun.the river walk, the alamo, white water rafting in new brunfels....Six Flags Fiesta TexasThe Alamo, the River Walk, and check out the I-MAX theater too.  Awesome!!Go to the river walk. it is an awesome place for dinner. . Check out the Alamo, it is right down town.. Go to Six Flags.SPLASHTOWN,THE RIVERWALK,THE ALAMO,SEAWORLD,ect...If you have a car, drive to Houston.  Its not that far and a much bigger city.. . But if you must stay in San Antonio, they have the Alamo, the Riverwalk, and that's about it.  I went for a weekend to see my inlaws and can't remember any redeeming qualities of that town.. . PS: if you get a whole pie to go at their Dennys, be sure its not frozen!Forget the city; go country. Drive up into the hills and visit a place like Junction. There's a lot of fun, outdoorsy things to do here.visit the alamoHave lunch at Mr. and Mrs. G's !!!!! Or barbeque at Bob's smokehouse, Tamalies at Ruben's or a great lunch at Las Consuelas. Or you can get a wonderful fruit cup with chile, salt and lemon at a fruit stand...yumm. If you are a golfer...year around paradise, night time tennis...the possibilities are endless!the riverwalk, alamo, six flags...splashtown schlitterbahn.. swim at that natatorium at palo alto college for only 2 bucks!!!
Contact local housing commission authority they post monthly report`s for section eight. or contact area you applied in.you also was given a contact workers name and number when and where your initial paper work was processed.Typically you go to wherever the Section 8 office is and ask them to provide you a list of apartments, homes, and other type housing that is approved by the Section 8 office. Those on the approved list still have to go through the Section 8 inspection process, but normally if they are on the list, that means they know the system and you spend less time tangled in red tape. You may even have the option of shopping around.
The jeepney is a vehicle that was originally used as a cargo transportation vehicle. They used them also as weapons transports. When the Americans left, these vehicles weren't wasted. Instead of transporting cargo, they are now used to comfortably and cheaply transport people like taxis.i don't know. sorryhmm.. i think it started from the American style jeep who kind of conquered the Phils during those times we were in war.. just my guess.. and then the Pinoys ante it up with colorful trinkets, a splash of color here and there and VIOLA... the Phil jeep...the phil. jeepney emerge from the us army jeep used in ww2, becuase after the war manila lies in ruin and public transport is in disarray, tthe us jeep is used by military to build up the transportation system in the phil, alter long years it evolved it many ways from six seater passenger in become 12 seater and the design have been change to it became a landmark in manila streets still today you can see different styles of jeepney transport plying in whole region in the phil.Left behind by the US forces after liberation during World War II. The Filipinos ingenuity turn the dull looking jeeps into the stunners you see on the road today. Hence the word "jeepney".From American Jeeps left behind after aworld War twoleft overs from wwIIIt started when the americans where is the philippines, in the 1940's and the style just picked up, and a lot of them where left over to keep after world war 2. They are very uncomfortable when they are packedThey are the left-over American jeeps from World War II.
Lots of reasons, but some of the origins go back to World War II, when San Francisco was a deployment center for most of the military being sent into the Pacific arena.  Gay men who reported for duty here were discharged very quickly rather than being shipped overseas.  Over the years, the socially and politically progressive culture here has allowed the LGBT community to exist much more peacefully than in some other areas of the country, so many have migrated here to live relatively free of persecution.Probably because San Fransico is more of a Gay romantic Area and SanFransisco is probably filled with Gay night clubsBiggest reason is probably attitude. San Francisco has always been a pretty wide open town, ever since the Wild West Days, where people are tolerant of others' behavior. . That and a liberal political climate. San Francisco also has a large arts and theater culture.I heard something about during WW2 there were lots of people from all over the country that would leave their small towns and cities throughout the country to go to war and they would get to SF and before they got on the boat they would figure out that if you are gay you are not allowed to go to war and instead of going back home and suffering the embarrassment from freinds at home.... they'd just stay in SF...  . I am not sure that is the only reason but sounds like one good one...Both reasons are valid but also its historical. World War II happened in the 1940's and the army was very tough on people sexual orientation. If you were gay in the army in the 1940's, fighting in the pacific rim you would be discharged and sent back to the nearest port which wasnt bombed (SAN FRANCISCO). The gay people who were discharged couldnt go back to their hometowns like (Jesusville, Arkansas). So they have to start a new live and settle down in SF. Thats why there are so many gays in San Francisco.I don't know. But Atlanta and New York City have large Gay populations also.
Just check out the airline website your interested to work for and start applying. They will give you training once your hired. If you have the patience and enthusiasm and like flying/traveling then it should be awesome. If you know of any friends/relations that are flight attendants, it doesn't hurt to ask around and gather as much information as you need.kiss awhen you find out - let me know. that sounds like lots of fun....Contact Tammye Walker-Jones at Southwest Airlines headquarters, Love Field, Dallas Tx.  Southwest is always hiring, has never laid off any employees, and has a great profit sharing plan.  There are a lot of flight attendants and hundreds of other employees at Southwest who are millionaires from SWA's profit sharing program.Use spell check on your resume.For the group interview, you have to have the type of personality that will allow the search committee to be able pick you out from the crowd. All airlines are different tho, i.e. you may have to be more bubbly with southwest than with american or delta, etc.go to southwest airlines website and fill in applicationlearn to spell it, perhaps?Usually you have ti get in touch with the US company which is of interest to you: they usually organize a hiring session once a year then you will take some First Aid lessons and other lessons nce the company hires you.Why would you want to? . Pay is awful, and it's not as easy a job as you might expect. . Although if I were to pick an airline it would be Southwest.. BTW, I am a Flight attendant  (18 yrs!) for one of the really big airlines.you have to take a class and pass a test on bieng a flight atttendent i think the class lasts about 4 weeks???Some community colleges up here in Toronto have a "Travel and Tourism" program for that industry. You might want to look around schools for a program like that.Go to the airlines website, click on job opportunities and apply. No special license or training neccessary, the airlines will train you. You must be weight/height proportionate and not exceed I believe 5'10" but not sure on the height ... You also will be required to lift up to 50lbs comfortably over your head.
Call the Indonesian Embassy and ask them for advice. . Also call the local health department and ask them.I suggest that you contact the US Dept of State and the Center for Disease Control:. . http://travel.state.gov/travel/travel_1744.html . . http://www.cdc.gov/travel/destinat.htmhepatitis and tetnus or whatever its called, and something else, cant remember, ask the doc, but straight up, ive been to those places and u need the shots. better to get them done anyway, for the future and sh*t, just cos u never knowNone, unless you are planning on having unprotected sex or putting yourself at risk for diseases.
Visit Hilton Head Island in South Carolina.  Place called Harobr Town on the Island. Home of the MCI golf tournament every year.  Nice interesting shopping at Harbor Town.  Nice quaint place to just walk, shop and visit.  Very near the beach.Go see the CSS Hunley that is under restoration, it was the first sub to sink a ship in battle. (Civil War) North of town there is a working plantation that is real interesting, I can't remember the name of it.If you're single- enjoy the locals!.  I don't know about you- But I'm a sucker for a Southern Gentleman. . Anytime I've visited the south- I've had more fun when I've just asked around  - " What do Y'all do for fun?". Believe me, they'll make you feel at home.Go to Big John's Tavern.  Cheapest beer in town.  Then go to High Cotton for Dinner.  Most expensive restaurant in town.  But both are the best.  My daughter is the bartender at Big John's and Her husband is the Sou Chef at High Cotton.Go on a buggy ride around the city and check it out first.. It is not the hottest city in the world.Count teeth.. . They have around 8 teeth. . . Among the whole population.If you like historic stuff, check out Ft. Sumter and visit historic downtown.  Also, check out the ghost walk tour.  Those can be really fun if you have a good guide.
Close your eyes and imagine or better yet do a web search for an airial view of your neighborhood - some of these programs can zoom right into your own backyard.googleearth will do it. ya need good ram for it to work well.GOOGLE EARTH IS THE ONLY POSSIBEL WAY.. BUT SHUD NEED THE PROFESSIONAL PAID VERSION FOR YOU TO GET THE ARIAL VIEW RIGHT INTO UR BACKYARD.. OR ELSE GO FOR THE HELICOPTER ITSELF...go online. i think they have plane views at different sites. you'll have to look it up though. :)try googleearth.comif u wanna see ur house from a helicopter then u sure have 2 get into 1 u silly
I'll give a shorter answer than the previous one.... . My parents live in Sedona and also have a home in Flagstaff (well south of the Grand Canyon).  The fires haven't really impacted Flagstaff's visibility so I would imagine the Grand Canyon is okay.Although I have not been up there since the fire started, I would be surprised if the Sedona fires would have a significant impact on visibility at the Grand Canyon.  The fires have got a lot of attention because of the threatened houses and because Sedona is a famous place, but the fires are really not that big in area as others over the last few years (only a fraction the size of the big Rodeo fire).. . More importantly, Sedona is quite a ways from the Grand Canyon (over a hundred miles) and at a lower elevation.  The smoke would need to get up and over the Mogollon Rim and past the San Francisco Peaks and other smaller mountains without getting too stirred up and dissipated.  Lastly, the prevailing winds in northern Arizona tend to blow from west to east and Sedona is to the south.. . Note however, that during summer there are often smaller, less publicized, fires (some of which are controlled burns) near the canyon (especially on the North Rim and in southern Utah) and these often do blow smoke into the canyon and limit visibility to some degree.  Sadly, Los Angeles also generates enough eastward-floating smog that it can sometimes cause a slight haze over the canyon under certain circumstances.. . However, even the worst fires near the rim are not going to prevent you from seeing the canyon (or being impressed by it), it just makes the distant objects a little less sharp (more annoying for photographers than anyone) and can actually sometimes result in more dramatic sunsets or sunrises.  Really the only time that you can't see the canyon at all are those rare instances where it is completely filled in with clouds (usually during winter storms).
Spell it correct before you conisder going.  Lots of good cokeThis really depends on what you are into and what you hope to gain from the experience.  Miami is truly an experience.  If it is sun and fun then you won't have to look too far...it's everywhere.  If you are looking for nightlife then South Beach is your best choice. For a Latin  experience you need to go down to s.w. 8 street., and for shopping there is no place like the malls in Miami.  If you want to do the tourist attractions the don't miss Metro Zoo or the Seaquriam.  Monkey Jungle is also a lot of fun.  What ever you do don't miss going to BaySide on any given weekend for a really fun cultural day.  Just go into any of the Larger Hotel lobbies and pick up a tourist guide.  No matter what you are into Miami has something to offer.  Have A great time !
I would agree with HamTownGal.  There are millions of filipinos living and working overseas and sending home boxes and boxes of clothing and gifts.  They work very hard and live thousands of miles away from family so that the family can have a better life.  Any extra money they make also makes its way back home.. God bless every one of them.i guess because it's cheap and it's all in one place. you can find everything you need.  . . i'm a filipino but i only buy my grocery at walmart, other things - i shop at the mall or target.I'm not filipino, but I love walmart too.  Value for money.It is not only walmart but any other MALLS. Come to the Philippines and you will see thousands of Filipinos going into malls everyday. Even if they dont have anything to buy, its just like a park for us. Besides malls is the cheapest cooler place when you are in Manila and it is summer.The same reason anyone else likes it, it's cheap!Filipinos are usually good at finding bargainsI have a new Filipino friend who loves inexpensive stores.  Thrift stores are her favorite because she can buy lots of clothes to send back to her native country for her large, extended family.  They are VERY, VERY poor and they take care of each other.Huh? Where did that come from? I shop at Walmart but that does not necessarily mean I love Walmart. I also shop at K-mart, Sears, JC Penneys, Kohls, etc etc. But of course, who doesn't want to have more value for their money? Besides, if I can get most of the stuff I need from one place, all the better.I'm I filipino and I like wal-mart  because it's so cheap and even though I'm not a filipino I'll still love it imagine you can buy a portable dvd(7") for just a $100because it is cheap, and they have good things for sell.stuff you see and buy at target or other stores can also be found at walmart...only cheaper.It's cheap. That's why EVERYONE goes thereIm a Filipino and i dont like Walmart, because it is not strategically located(at least here in the Phils.). Walmart is located in the suburbs and not in the city. I love malls, theyre just a 5 minute walk from the offices.I heard  Paris Hilton like Wal Mart, everybody likes wal mart, . . if you are living in other countries, you would see how they love Wal Mart.. . . >>>c H e A p
Definately not as good as in December, January and it's pretty cold at the moment! Fortunately Wellington has plenty of local culture so there's lots you can do even when the weather is miserableWinter. Quite chilly, no snow though. Can be a cold wind off the Cook Straight.It is still winter in August in Wellington, so we'll get the occasional cold frosty morning. But the days will be getting longer. Temperatures will range from 8 to 15 degrees C, and the sun will shine at least a few days during the month. I got married in Wellington in August and it was a glorious day, weatherwise too!
Yes, there are private (non-public) weekend schools affiliated with mosques. Since there is a significant moslem population even in predominantely orthodox regions, there are mosques there as well (for example, Tatars is the third biggest ethnic group in Moscow, I believe).There are so many different groups of Muslims and different degrees of religion, so its too braod a group to have one answer.. . Really, its all of the above.I do not know.
There is this wonderful thing called the internet. You can do research for your trip thereI have been planing a trip myself. A cruse may be a cheap way to go since you live in Orlando. Flying would be my choise just because I could get there quicker. I have been looking at all kinds of sites for cheap vacations, applevacations.com seems to be the cheapest so far. Although there is a few sites that may be cheaper for you since you live in Fl. Try cheapcarabbiean.com or skyautions.com Good luck and have fun.If you want affordable, you may not want to stay at Our Lucaya.  There are a couple of other places to stay close by that don't cost as much and you can walk over to Our Lucaya to eat and see what's there.  It may be cheaper to get a boat from Orlando to Freeport than it is to fly.. Right now is the cheapest time to go to the Bahamas in general, prices go up when the weather gets cooler.Drive to Port Everglades in Fort Lauderdale (they have parking)and take the Discovery Cruise that deports and returns daily.  Tickets are about $160 per person and includes meals.  The cruise to Freeport is about 4 hours each way. Enjoy!You can purchase swim fins and a speedo for less than $30Swim
Direct call: 1-242, then the seven digit number.. With a card follow the instructions of the operator. Remember the area code is 242.1-242 then the card number then the phone numberWITH A PHONE !!!!
The New York City street is pronounced house-ton. While the city in Texas in pronounced as Hews-ton. The city is named after Sam Houston and I believe there are alternative spellings of that name like Huston, and that is why its pronounced in that manner.Well if you want to try to explain the pronunciation with a y in there then you would need to spell it out like.... . H-you-ston    - But that really isnt correct.  Hugh-ston is most correct, but often the H becomes nearly non-existant due to local dialect so sometimes it comes out closer to You-ston. (which may be where you are getting the Y sound.). . OU is one of those letter combinations that can sound many different ways, I believe partly based on what other language the word was derived from, especially in the case of people's names.. . Sound for instance is an ow sound like cow.. Soup however has a very differnet sound more like Loop.. Could again has a much different sound to it.. . As for NYC's Houston St. it is pronounced "House-ton" because it's named after a man named "House-ton." Houston TX is pronounced "Hugh-ston" because it's named after Sam "Hugh-ston."   That's just the way these people pronounced their names.No, the way you are spelling it "hyooston" would be pronounced "hi-oosten". Houston is pronounced as if there isn't an "o" as the second letter and makes a "u" sound. "Huuston"I'm not sure, but in NYC there's a well known street that crosses Manhattan that's spelled the same way, only it's pronounced "house-ton" and is spelled Houston.  . . Having been to Houston, Texas it was difficult to get used to saying the street name properly when I lived in NY.Local pronunciation becoming the norm I guess since same spelling street name elsewhere gets pronounced "House-Tun" actually.. . Besides, if you're a villain from Krypton you pronounce it properly...Well now you are questioning the english langauge because the english language is littered with pronounciation not equaling spelling. This is why the whole aspect of a Spelling Bee can exist in only english-speaking countries.  "They" sound like it there should be a "D". I guess japanese is same, "toshiba" sounds like it should have a "ee" soundThere's a street in NYC that isn'tI hear the black people calling it HerstonIt's better than Humble, which is pronounced without the 'H' -- Umble.  Whereas Huntsville and Hempstead keep their H's.  Bottom line, Texas does whatever it wants.You are correct - individuals who pronounce a "Y" are mispronouncing the name of the city.. Isn't it named after a US General?  He didn't add a "Y" when he spoke his name.Okay, what is the proper way to say "lead", or how do you pronounce "syzygy". What about psychology or diaphragm? There a many more also.
The weather in Aruba is a pretty constant, around 80 to 82 degrees year-round. I have a friend who was there last September and said it was beautiful. The rainy season starts around October.The weather in Aruba is pretty consistent year-round.  You'll find a lot of honeymooners there during hurricane season because most of the rest of the Caribbean is subject to many of the systems moving through the area.  Aruba is usually not.  The only thing I've found is when there is a hurricane further up in the Caribbean, it gets less windy in Aruba.. . As an impending hurricane approaches the Caribbean region, you'll find additional cruise ships and small commercial planes taking safe haven in Aruba.Warm and windy..But September is also when the raining season starts so there might be a chance that it will rain. A lot or a little or maybe not at all because there are a lot of times where it will rain on one part of the island and not the other.In one word "pefect".. . Average Temperature 84 F.. Average High Temperature 91 F.. Average Low Temperature 80 F.. Average Rainfall 1.40 in. (Yearly 20.3 in.)i asked a worker down there that works an activities desk and he said the worse time is from sept to mid oct, the trade winds are gonewe were there for 10 days in sept of 05.. it was highs around 88-92 each day and without the breezes during that time it made it hard to adjust to for awhile if you are from up north. went back in april 06 and it was a world of difference, around 84 and breezy aqnd very comfortableBeautiful all year longSame as it is in October, Novermber, December, January, February, March, April, May, June, July, and August. . . It gets a tad bit cooler at nights, but nothing big.  During the day you can sunbathe nude.  Send me pic's to post on the net.  LOL j/k
to be careful cuz people are crazy. . how bout when people speed up at yellow lights. . i see yellow and floor it lolI've slowed down to the actual speed limit, in case there are police.My mom does that b/c she's scared drunk drivers might run a red light-Some people run through red lights.  You have to be careful sometimes.  :)Because I've found that in general, people are a bunch of nut sacks.cause they have the time unlike yeller lights which mean hurry up fool!They're just being extra-careful since there may be reckless drivers out there who might whiz past the red light at the intersection.cause their mind is floating along or they r on a cell phone too busy talking.LMAO! In San Jose? Are you sure? I see at least 2 people speeding through red lights every morning on the way to work.In case an idiot runs the red one next to them!I got hit by a red light runner...in San Jose, no less. tends to make one not take a green light for granted.I guess for the same reason then start driving once the light turns red.Becuz a RETARD might be running the red light and BAM! Slowing down gives a better opportunity to make an evasive maneuver.The light might turn red?to avoid acidents because of other rash drivers who rush into green zone by skiping red signalsSometimes I catch myself going thru at a reduced speed because I am watching the intersection & making sure no oncoming traffic is coming. I gues I instinctively slow down.Sometimes people from the oposite side do not stop at their red lights so I always slow down a little just to make sure no-one from the other side tries to sneak through and crash into me.  Hey, it's happened to lots of other people!Cuz some peole can't drive and run lights.Because, the homeless bum on the corner has a funny sign to read! lolBecause so many idiots run red lights that you have to watch for cross traffic even when you have the green light.
Go to the individual airlines websites for the best rates.  They'll probably be cheaper or the same than those discount sites but you'll have more control over seats, flight times, etc.  Also if you call the airlines, you may be able to negotiate a better rate, flight, etc.i would say hotwire but they dont offer one way tickets. 330 round trip for lat setp flight from sfo to oharetry www.allcheapfares.com they're pretty competitive
It is very easy. The Metro will take you strait there, you pay I think 6 or 7 Euros. Then it will cost you about 32 Euros per adult to get into the park.Search here at http://flyzoom.info to find out your answersFrom Paris, you can take the train called "RER A" from Chatelet les Halles station to Marne la vallee Parc Eurodisneyland,  It takes 40 minutes, it will cost 8 euros per person.pieceofpiss... get on at station of yer choce and get off at disneylandtake rer A from chatelet les halles it's around 15eurosYou can take the RER A  train straight to the door at eurodisneyAs many people said take an RER A (not exactly a metro, although in Paris you get there through the metro station) - direction Marne le Valee.. In terms of price - if you think about traveling around, consider buying Carte Orange for one week. It can save you some money, especially if you arrive to Paris on Monday-Tuesday and leave on Sunday.
You couldn't go through Israel and get into Syria or Jordon with the Israeli mark in your passport.Flying is your best bet.Travel thru Jordan to Aqaba.  Take a ferry across to Sinai.  The fastest way, thru Israel, might be problematic if you're traveling on a Syrian passport.You can go to Jordan through Aqaba, and from there take a bus to Damascus. It's only 1 hour drive to the border. . Avoid going to Israel, cause the Syrians will be sensitive seeing an Israeli entry stamp in your passport while entering to Syria.You should probably ferry into Jordan, then go by bus from there. You could also go through Israel, if you'd like.OK well can you do a search on the buses that go that route..  There should be a schedule.  Have you ever flown?--it is very fun to me.what?
i buy mine a few months early14-21 days in advance is usually your best bet.  No later tho, you might end up paying a lot more.  Sometimes you can find a cheaper flight at the last minute, but not always.  Your better off getting one sooner than later.Usually 2-4 weeks in advance is optimal.  But, sometimes you can get a good deal on a last-minute ticket if they undersell a flight.  I've had this happen twice at Christmas.The earlier the better pricewise.Buy them the day you travel. You'll get a real surprrise!
San Francisco, CA.. I can't tell you how many times I've seen Human Poop on the sidewalk, Rather- I can't tell you how many times I've seen HUMANS POOP ON the sidewalk.. . Okay place to visit- but wouldn't want to live there.Sicily was the nastiest place i have ever been, and thats saying a lot considering I have been to the balkans, africa, and asia.  There were open sewers, and old women pitching pee out windows(they would yell before they did it), the place smelled like feces, pee, and foot sweat.  The only bright spot was the irish pub we found, where we found out that if you could see over the bar you were old enough to drink.My mother-in-law's so called, herb garden... Only herb I saw in it worth mentioning lived down the street, and was using it as a shortcut to the store...Kettleman City, Ca. . Honorable Mention:  my dorm room senior yearIt was in Amman, Jordan. There was a creek (river?) with garbage all around it. I guess they used it as a dump but it was smack-dab in the city with no fences.Copta Mica in Romania. It was during the period of their revolution in 1989 and I had to spend some hours at the train station there. The place was notorious in Romania (maybe still is) as a super nasty industrial zone, loaded with pollution and grime. Everything was black, the streets, buildings, everything. There was a greasy, nasty soot that covered everything. Most animals there lived only a few years and humans from the area had shortened life spans. .     At one point I slipped and my jeans got a good coating of the oily soot. Later that night in a town an hour away we got to a hotel and gave the maid the jeans to wash. She came back a couple hours later. She had spend a huge amount of time, just trying to get these jeans clean and had not toally succeeded. You could still see the dark stain on the pants. She was very upset because she knew I was an American (most Romanians at that time had never seen ANY foreigners) and thought I would look down on her. My Romanian buddy told her not to worry, that we had come from Copta Mica and that she did a great job considering the grime. She smiled and said she should have realized where the soot had come from. We gave her a tip worth a few days pay (only a few dollars!) and she left happy. .     A couple years later in the U.S. ABC News happened to do a piece on the town and gave even more grim information. It really freaked me out that they had found this place. It was truly NASTY.Charleston, West Virginia in 1976.  I was born near there and returned after 16 years.  It was so polluted that you couldn't even see the sun or clouds.  I was so disappointed and realized that my parents did make the best choice by moving away from that area.. . I returned in 2004 and it was totally different.  The chemical plants that spewed the pollution out over the skyline were gone.  It was a pretty place again just as my parents had remembered in their youth.  I am not a green party liberal but after that visit in 1976, I did play a role in keeping toxics out of the environment.the abandoned public housing projcts in Cincinnati, Ohio. . Got lost an ended up there, the only police we saw flaged us down and said to get out , forget what we saw, and never ever come back..the Bronx, New York --looked like a third world country when I saw itGee, I haven't been to any place like that. I guess it was a farm in rural Mexico that friends wanted me to see for some reason. They decided in a group and the only word I understood was my name. There was garbage all over there too, I don't know if the animals were supposed to eat it. While checking a sheep (one of them was a vet in training), it peed on him. They kept turning around to me with smiles like "Isn't this great?" I didn't think so.center of mexicoUpsala - The Land that Man Forgot.
The Metra station in Bensenville is part of the MD West Line, and is located at 110 W Main Street at the junction with Center Street.. . The closest CTA Train station to Bensenville is O'Hare which is not as close as the Metra service.Take York road North to I 90 take I 90 towards Chicago and then get off at River Rd. go North and the CTA train station is there.
The end of September and the beginning of October are some of the best weeks of the year to visit Las Vegas in terms of weather.  The average daytime temperature is in the upper 80s (96 is the average temperature for all of September, 82 is the average for October) and it is usually sunny with very little rain.  Of course the downside with good weather is that it brings out the crowds so expect higher prices and longer lines at just about everything.  Have fun!September, 95/66. see link for all months (about half way down page)HOT !!!. . above 90 during the day and around 75 at night
No train to Kodaikanal .sorry..  From chennai : Fly to madurai . Madurai to Kodaikanal road . bus from Kodaikanal road to Kodaikanal.. . Mohans suggestions as well.it depends from where you wanna go.Mohan's options are correct.. -U can also fly to Madurai and go by road from there.. It takes around 3 hrs.. -From Coimbatore it takes 5 hrs.. -By train u need to go to Kodai road(trains from Chennai) and then by roadI guess you can fly upto Coimbatore and take a bus from there. . Or you can also fly to Chennai and take a train from there
if you're american is very hard for you to find a good job in europe. american studies are not quite appreciated in europe. you should decide over a country first and then try to find job sites from that country. place your cv there and wait.. good luck.contact an agency
The Taj Mahal is a monument located in Agra in India, constructed between 1631 and 1654 by a workforce of 20,000. The Muslim Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan commissioned its construction as a mausoleum for his favourite wife, Arjumand Bano Begum, who is better known as Mumtaz Mahal.. . The Taj Mahal is generally considered the finest example of Mughal architecture, a style that combines elements of Indian, Persian architecture and Turkish architectureTaj Mahal is a Blues/Jazz band or a palace in India-take your pick.beautiful place to visit in india...Taj Mahal is a world famous monument located in Agra, in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. The origin of the name Taj Mahal is not certain. Court histories from Mughal Emperor, Shah Jahan's reign call it the rauza (tomb and mosque complex) of Mumtaz Mahal. It is generally believed that Taj Mahal (literally translated as "Crown Palace" or "Crown of the Palace") is an abbreviated version of Mumtaz Mahal's name. Today, it is sometimes simply and evocatively referred to as - The Taj. The Taj Mahal, as of 1983, is an UNESCO World Heritage Site and a major tourist destination. The Taj Mahal was constructed using materials from all over India and Asia. Over 1,000 elephants were used to transport building materials during the construction.. for more information visit the below site:. http://www.haryana-online.com/taj_mahal.htmtaj mahal is a great monument which shah jahan biult it in agra in india as the love remark of mumtazmahal (her wife) and when ever he see that he will be able to remember mumtazmahal it  is also one of the 7 wonders of the worldlookIt is a memorial monument for love.. . But I read a poem about the Taj Mahal.. . "Here a king jeered about our simple love".. . I don't know this line fulfilled that poem.(It's a one line poem written in Tamil)check it out ,hereA great Rock n Roll band, 60's/70's!!!!!Taj mahal is in Agra India. Taj mahal is made in the memory of mumtaz by shahazahenpalace in  india built as tribute to the rulers wifeits a temple i have a beautiful picture in my 360 page feel free to check it out the temple was built for a woman it was one of this mans wives she died giving birth of the last of 32 children the Taj Mahal was Built by 20,000 thousand Muslims that hand Painted many of the art effects!the place is beautiful the temple was built to reflect the wife's beauty! you really have to read the story to understand the meaning!. http://www.tajmahal.com enjoy the picture of it in my 360 to  I want to go there on a tour someday!!!THE TAJ MAHAL IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL BLUIDING IN THE WORLDTaj Mahal is a famous building made by Shah Jahan he made it for her wife Mumtaz Mahal Taj Mahal is made up of marbles and it is a very beautiful thing to see when Taj mahal and Red Fort was built Shah Jahan cut the hands of the laborours so that no one else can make them again.one of seven wonders of world,it is in india. it is vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvery  beautiful. there is a passionate love story behind it's make.A great symbol of LOVE in INDIA.......it's a beautiful monument made by white marble in agra,india.It was built by emperor shah jahan in the memory of his beloved wife.It's a huge palace built for the wife of an Indian ruler.  Check out that web site for pics.A tomb made by Emperor Shah Jehan in the 1500's for his wife, Mumtaz. Situated in Agra, about 200km south of New Delhi.it is an Indian beer. yum.It's a place in India.its some famous monument in india which is a lame bakword countryAgra, once the capital of the Mughal Empire during the 16th and early 18th centuries, is one and a half hours by express train from New Delhi. Tourists from all over the world visit Agra not to see the ruins of the red sandstone fortress built by the Mughal emperors but to make a pilgrimage to Taj Mahal, India’s most famous architectural wonder, in a land where magnificent temples and edificies abound to remind visitors about the rich civilization of a country that is slowly but surely lifting itself into an industrialized society. . The postcard picture of Taj Mahal does not adequately convey the legend, the poetry and the romance that shroud what Rabindranath Tagore calls "a teardrop on the cheek of time". Taj Mahal means "Crown Palace" and is in fact the most well preserved and architecturally beautiful tomb in the world. It is best described by the English poet, Sir Edwin Arnold, as "Not a piece of architecture, as other buildings are, but the proud passions of an emperor’s love wrought in living stones." It is a celebration of woman built in marble and that’s the way to appreciate it. . . . Taj Mahal stands on the bank of River Yamuna, which otherwise serves as a wide moat defending the Great Red Fort of Agra, the center of the Mughal emperors until they moved their capital to Delhi in 1637. It was built by the fifth Mughal emperor, Shah Jahan in 1631 in memory of his second wife, Mumtaz Mahal, a Muslim Persian princess. She died while accompanying her husband in Burhanpur in a campaign to crush a rebellion after giving birth to their 14th child. The death so crushed the emperor that all his hair and beard were said to have grown snow white in a few months. . . . When Mumtaz Mahal was still alive, she extracted four promises from the emperor: first, that he build the Taj; second, that he should marry again; third, that he be kind to their children; and fourth, that he visit the tomb on her death anniversary. He kept the first and second promises. Construction began in 1631 and was completed in 22 years. Twenty thousand people were deployed to work on it. The material was brought in from all over India and central Asia and it took a fleet of 1000 elephants to transport it to the site. It was designed by the Iranian architect Ustad Isa and it is best appreciated when the architecture and its adornments are linked to the passion that inspired it. It is a "symbol of eternal love".. . . The Taj rises on a high red sandstone base topped by a huge white marble terrace on which rests the famous dome flanked by four tapering minarets. Within the dome lies the jewel-inlaid cenotaph of the queen. So exquisite is the workmanship that the Taj has been described as "having been designed by giants and finished by jewellers". The only asymmetrical object in the Taj is the casket of the emperor which was built beside the queen’s as an afterthought. The emperor was deposed by his son and imprisoned in the Great Red Fort for eight years but was buried in the Taj. During his imprisonment, he had a view of the Taj. . . . As a tribute to a beautiful woman and as a monument for enduring love, the Taj reveals its subtleties when one visits it without being in a hurry. The rectangular base of Taj is in itself symbolic of the different sides from which to view a beautiful woman. The main gate is like a veil to a woman’s face which should be lifted delicately, gently and without haste on the wedding night. In indian tradition the veil is lifted gently to reveal the beauty of the bride. As one stands inside the main gate of Taj, his eyes are directed to an arch which frames the Taj. . . . The dome is made of white marble, but the tomb is set against the plain across the river and it is this background that works its magic of colours that, through their reflection, change the view of the Taj. The colours change at different hours of the day and during different seasons. Like a jewel, the TajWell Here in the United States we have a taj mahal!!  Its a casino in Atlantic city, New jersey! Owned by Donald trump! I dont know much about the one in India, sorry.A white marble tomb built in 1631-48 in Agra, seat of the Mugal Empire, by Shah Jehan for his wife, Arjuman Banu Begum, the monument sums up many of the formal themes that have played through Islamic architecture. Its refined elegance is a conspicuous contrast both to the Hindu architecture of pre-Islamic India, with its thick walls, corbeled arches, and heavy lintels, and to the Indo-Islamic styles, in which Hindu elements are combined with an eclectic assortment of motifs from Persian and Turkish sources.". . —Marvin Trachtenberg and Isabelle Hyman. Architecture: from Prehistory to Post-Modernism. p223. . . "The Mausoleum of the Taj Mahal at Agra stands in a formally laid-out walled garden entered through a pavilion on the main axis. The tomb, raised on a terrace and first seen reflected in the central canal, is entirely sheathed in marble, but the mosque and counter-mosque on the transverse axis are built in red sandstone. The four minarets, set symmetrically about the tomb, are scaled down to heighten the effect of the dominant, slightly bulbous dome. The mosques, built only to balance the composition are set sufficiently far away to do no more than frame the mausoleum. In essence, the whole riverside platform is a mosque courtyard with a tomb at its centre. The great entrance gate with its domed central chamber, set at the end of the long watercourse, would in any other setting be monumental in its own right.". . "The interior of the building is dimly lit through pierced marble lattices and contains a virtuoso display of carved marble. Externally the building gains an ethereal quality from its marble facings, which respond with extraordinary subtlety to changing light and weather."Taj Mahal is a well-known sculpture in India and Shah Jahan built it 2 show how much luv he has for his wife, Mumtaz Mahal. since that day pple go there and show their luv 2 their wifez, gurlfrends watever
It means a lot, a lot!! For example, if you say I want "barcha" salad, you're saying that you want a lot of salad.it's an arabic word for .......When Jan Brady gets a cold its "Barsha Barsha Barsha!"thad's whad they say on the brady budch whed they all have colds.... . "barsha, barsha, barsha!". . sorry. I couldn't help it!barsha barsha ya mdallal barsha barsha!! hehe im sure u know the song. . barsha means a lotif you mean in tunisian tungue its the meaning . a lot, a lot
I have been to San Juan twice, it is such a beautiful city!  I would definately recommend touring El Morro.  Also, you can just walk around the cobblestone streets of Old San Juan, there are many things to see and do there.There is no St. Juan, it is San Juan. From 5pm till midnight? Too short a time to see such a big metropolitan city. The most you can do is sit in a bar next to the port  or walk to some shops, you don't have time for anything else or risk missing your cruise boat. To experience the country of Puerto Rico you need a good week, to experience it's capital city , San Juan, at least two full days.Take a bus shuttle tour of the old and new San Juan.  There is a lot history in the old and in the new there are a lot of shops and restaurants.Visit El Moro, a fortress that overlooks the harbor of San Juan...so romantic at twilight!Sorry there is no St. Juan, Puerto Rico.San jaun was agony for me i was there for maybe 15 minutes it was 106 degrees there was horse dung in the street it smelled horrible didnt look safe eitherSan Jaun is awesome i was there a few weeks ago....go to the clubYou can walk around Old San Juan. You can go to the Rumba boat, which is kind of a disco on sea. There are a lot of good restaurants that you can visit that have great food. Theres also the beach.
Take the Bloor Subway west to Kipling Station. From there take the express bus to Pearson Airport.Look on the MAPS link on yahoo.com. It'll give you the best route to take.If you're driving, take the Gardiner West to Hwy 427 and go north on the 427 to the airport.  If you're not driving, then take the subway suggestion from the answer before me.Take Gardiner west and then 427 north :) :)
You can get number of buses form Bangalore to Ooty... . You get down a Ooty and catch next bus from Ooty to Wellington..Yes, the above route is best. Or if u want to make less travel by road, then go to coimbatore by flight from bangalore. from there u have frequent buses to ooty via wellington
You can send a photo to a mobile phone through MMS service ( Multimedia Messaging service) or as a mobile email with a photo attachment. Check and see if your cellular service supports this kind of service, or if your plan has the option for MMS and mobile email.just connect both the devices using bluetooth infrared or usb and then copy paste them...Use a data cord  or a bluetooth device or an infrared device, You may have to purchase it separately
I ALSO WANTED TO BE A PILOT WHEN I WAS YOUR AGE. SO DO GOOD IN SCHOOL, PLAY SPORTS, STUDY MATH, & KEEP YOURSELF IN GOOD PHYSICAL CONDITION, EAT GOOD FOOD, NO SMOKING  NO DRUGS.  READ ALL THE BOOKS YOU CAN ON FLYING & VISIT  YOUR LOCAL AIRPORT & GO GO FOR A PLANE RIDE IN A SMALL PLANE.aSK ABOUT FLYING LESSONS.  GOOD LUCK.hey, you need to go to pilot school or what ever they call it ,and start taking clases( when you are 18) you need to be good in math, science. and you need to practice with a small plane, then kepp practicing, you'l get a certificate and stuff.... then if you want go to the air force you will get a lot of pratice there then apply at a company of airlines sign a contract and there!!( but it takes a lot of time and money $$$)Study hard .. especially math .... graduate from High School and go see you local Air Force recruiter ... lets the government foot the bill for your education from there and when you get out you are set for life with the major airlines.Star out by taking flying lessons with a small plane. Dream of the future to become a commercial pilot.Start flying now.. . The sooner you get started the better.  . . Also joining the Air Force to become a cargo pilot (C-17. C-141, C-5) would basically assure you a job with the airlines after your retirement from the military.
If you leave on DEC. 20th you can fly United for in the 1,900$ range. You will get the best service from them in my opinion.Get a book called JAXFAX ( TRAVEL AGENCIES ) have them. It list all charter flights to all over the world.Try http://www.priceline.com or http://orbitz.com or try to fly stand-byFly to Chile ( is cheaper.then take a bus to Argentina).Your best bet would be to use American Airlines, because it is one of the cheapest airlines, and as for Christmas, you could do it on the 23rd or 24th, it'll be cheaper that way, as a Christmas special.Are you a student?  If so, you can get GREAT deals at the following websites:
A person from Croatia is called a CROATIAN or a CROAT... . and in Croatian language HRVAT(for a male) and HRVATICA(for a female)Croatian.  Or Sir or Madam.croatianCroatianwell in Croatian is Hrvat ( cause we call our country Hrvatska ), in English is Croat or Croatian.
Weather is in the mid to high 80's, the low's are in the high 70's.  There's not that much rainy weather either.should be niceTo me it is the same as any other month...lovely, warm, just think about hurricane season.It depends on how many are going, but you can get an all inclusive for a week for way under $1000. I was just there. I put some info on our site and you can see it below. There might be some things to help you there.The weather is AMAZING! besides, you'll have plenty of things to do since it's high season and there are really cool and fun people during that time. I would suggest the "PRESIDENTE INTERCONTINENTAL" hotel, because it has the best beach in Canc?n, and you're walking-distance from the malls and night clubs!I don't know, but will let you know when we get back!. . We're leaving on Sunday!!!. . Yippeeee!!!!Just be careful... it is Hurrican season and they do like the Mexico area!  The best time for mild weather and no deadly weather woul dbe December-ish.Just lovely, I'll take you there... :DIt's hot and you will catch a great sun, it is low season so it will be less people than other months, but Cancun worth every time of the year, it's an amazing place....
They have a way of packing now where you can buy vaccum pack bags.. . You can pick these up either online or from a high street store and you simply pack your clothes as normal and then stick a vaccum cleaner in the end and suck all the air out of the bag.. That should be able to make your luggage lighter.. . However I usually pack lightweight clothes and instead of packing a heavy pair of trainers or boots in my bag I will wear them and pack my lightest pair of shoes only.. Also don't forget you are allowed one piece of carry on luggae as well so if you feel that things like gifts etc are too heavy to place in your check in bags then as long as they don't carry any hazardous material or are sharp objects then you can probably get away with packing them in your carry on luggage.Pack Light! - The lighter you pack, the better your trip. Try not to take more that 2 bags for every person. Some are able to pack in only a carry-on and a smaller tote which is ideal. This eliminates hassles at check in and baggage claim. Always check with the airline on baggage restrictions. . . Plan your wardrobe - Try to mix and match your outfits using a combination of basics to free up space. DO NOT take several pairs of shoes if at all possible. Keeping a list in your suitcase will make your packing easier the next time around and will be beneficial if your items are lost or stolen. Know the weather conditions of your destination and bring the appropriate clothing. You can also take old clothes and throw them out during your trip freeing up space to bring back purchases and gifts. . . Go miniature - Try to use miniature toiletry items and appliances to free up space and eliminate weight.. Even have a toiletry bag packed and ready to go at all times to make it easy. Do not fill your bottles to the top and use zip lock bags so they won't leak when the liquid expands in high altitudes. . . Pack tight - This gives you more space and less wrinkles. Roll your T-shirts and other casual items. Eagle Creek have a some nice items for packing tightly called "Pack-its". These are great for any items you have to fold. Plastic dry cleaner bags also help reduce wrinkles for any garment you pack. Put socks and underwear in your shoes to free up space and reduce crushing. Do not over pack. This will cause considerable wear on your bag and zippers. . . Always Carry-on. Take any valuables, jewelry, camera, medication, money, keys, documents, and a change of clothes in case your checked bags are damaged, lost, or stolen. Check Carry-on Luggage Size Restrictions.I once heard or read that once you're packed, take out half of what you are bringing and bring twice as much money.. . It's true in that, you won't be washing your hair on the plane most likely, so there are a lot of things like shampoo that you can plan to buy when you arrive.  Also think about clothes.  Aren't you going to go shopping just about immediately once you are in a new location?  So take out a couple of outfits & at least 1 pr of shoes because you KNOW you will buy something.Just make sure to bring only what you need with you. Pack your clean clothes, a toothbrush and toothpaste, shampoo/conditioner, deodorant, etc. Take all the essentials, and if you've got extra room after that, take some other times you'd like to take with you.Pack clothes that you can mix and match , it makes it much lighter than pakcing tons of different clothes that cant be matched. pack things on a carry on to also take up less space in your main suitcase, then pack your toiletries in your purse (pack travel shampoo and soap) or if your staying longer than a week pack toiletries in a beach bag, then you can pack towels and maybe a few bigger things in it along with toiletries.. hope this helpsMail or ship some of your things ahead of you. If you go by plane, you're alloed so many pounds. Carry another bag on board with you and check in the other luggage.Some airports / airlines have a rule that you may bring along luggage and on board you may bring ONE carry-on bag and ONE other bag (like a paper bag or purse). So what you can do is stick some stuff into those other things. That should help you out. You can also try vise-versa (if too many things in the carry-on or bag, just put some in the luggage).. . But acually making something lighter? The best you can do is take stuff out or move it from bag to bag (within the rules). If not then you just will have to pay the fine of $50 or so for extra weight.think when you pack do I use this everyday? do I need it? If that doesn't work i don't know what to tell youDon't pack toothpaste, shampoo.... Almost every place in the world has stores that sell these items. Many hotels have them for free, and if not just run down to the local shop and pick up what you need. Not to mention most of these items can be leak too.. . Don't worry about the blow dryer, almost every motel/hotel now has them.. If you need a curling iron, buy the cheapest lightest weight one you can find. If you are heavier returning, you can afford to leave.. . Shoes are bulky and heavy. Take one pair for walking and one pair for dress (if needed). The trick is to pick the pair(s) that match your clothing. If you don't need any dress shoes, your walking shoes should be on your feet, so you don't have to pack any!. . Batteries and chargers. Toss the chargers (computer, camera...) in the checked bags. While people will steal cameras, they won't steal the chargers. Don't carry regular batteries, they are heavy and can be bought most anywhere you go.. . If you are traveling overseas, don't worry about packing a converter, again most hotels have free loaners.. . Pack clothing that matches more than one piece so you can mix & match.The easiest thing to do is pack what you need.  If you are going for a week do not pack 10 pairs of pants, 10 bathing suits and 40 shirts.  Pack the essentials.  Worse case scenario, if you need to get some new clothes buy them while  you are on vacation.Heavier items are usually toiletries.  Pack your hair drier, shampoo bottles and make up in your carry on.  Shoes dont weigh that much unless they are chunky boots or have wide heels usually, but blue jeans are bulky and add to the weight more.  Lay out everything you want to take, then reduce it by 1/2 and pack it.  Dont pack any electronic devices, laptops must me carried on anyway.  . . I worked for and airline and when someones bag is overweight the first thing I suggested to take out were toiletries and that usually helped.  Most weight limits for domestic US flights is 50lb (23kg) per bag and you can check 2 bags to most destinations with the acception of some carribean cities and South American destinations.  Some International carriers still allow 70lb (32kg) for each bag.  . . Good luck, hope you can take everything you want. AS far as the vaccuum bags...you have access to a vaccuum when you are packing at your house, but not usually when you're staying at a hotel and packing to come home, so remember that.first thing  is just dresses and ur daily preference things like bath mats thats all its simpleFirst, I find the smallest luggage I have. . I always bring clothes that i can mix and match up. The clothes also have to be easy to wash and dry. I wash and air dry them at night, so I have clean clothes the next day. . then find a plastic baggy to carry your toothbrush, toothpaste and a small bottle of shampoo.
You should take Line E of the Subway from Jamaica Center or Sutphin Boulevard. This will take you to the heart of New York, close to the address you mentioned. You can walk two blocks, or change to some other train to get closer.You can take the Lexington Avenue Local to East 51st street stop.  Then take the E train (towards Queens) to the last stop.  You will be in Jamaica.Take the E train to the 53/Lexington stop  you  will take the Downtown bound 6 1 stop to 42nd/Grand Central. If you are near the F take it to the Union Tpk stop, where the E and F both stop and catch a Manhattan Bound E, which you then take to 53/Lex and take the Downtown 6 to 42nd St.Go to this website...i guarantee u....you will find your way there.. www.hopstop.comby getting on the train not just asking
Contact me in messenger.I'll give u all the information needed.Bye.... n do mention in chat that we met at yahoo answers!! i have a very bad memory.Have only transited thru Bhubaneshwar and all that I remember is that there were plenty of flyovers and lots of temples all over the place. The arirport was the pits and nothing was available there except tea. No coffee either.. . Hope the city is a better place than the airport.This link was very informative. do browse thru it. http://www.webindia123.com/city/orissa/bhubaneswar/intro.htm
Did you book through a travel agent?? They can answer all these questions, mind you, you wouldn't have these questions if you had as they would have given you all this info. I guess just get there early and try and find out.If your ticket is electronic, go to the airline terminal of your flight. (American Airlines, Delta, etc.) They will have it for you at the customer service desk. Good luck! (Just wanted to add that some airlines will have more than one terminal, American Airlines especially. If that's the case, just pick up your ticket at the desk for the right airline, then you can take a shuttle bus to the correct terminal if you're not already at the right one.)Your airline will tell you which terminal to be at.  Certain terminals only service particular airlines.  DFW is really easy to navigate and now there is skylink shuttle/monorail service to get you around the entire airport.The simplest and best answer to your question is to get the name of the airlines and the flight number. Then visit Yahoo-Travel where you can check the status of flights going out. Always remember to check the status of your flight before leaving to the airport, as many times, gates and terminal assigments may change.First you need to know what airline you are flying on.  Each airline has their own ticket counter.  You can check in online as well 24 hours before your flight for most airlines if you are on an E-ticket traveling domestically (within in the US). Once you receive your boarding pass at the bottom of the boarding pass is your gate number.  Feel free to ask the ticket agent, that is what they are there for.  . . Send me an IM to southrntrnzplnt and I can help you further, I worked for an airline for many years and I'll be glad to help you out.Your terminal will depend on what airline you are using. There should be signs directing you to the appropriate terminal on your way into the airport. If you want to be sure before going to the airport, check the website listed below. Just go through each terminal link until you find your airline.Just follow the signs. If for example you are flying with American Airlines you'll see a sign that says American Departures Terminal D or something like that.  Then you find the AA desk and check in your luggage for weight.  Then you go through security and in no time you'll be flying.
Trailer parks and hurricanes... Oh! No Jeb Bush in California3 hours3 hours, it is almost 11 here in FL, but 8 in CAIt's a 3 hour difference.
Because Boracay is like a small paradise here on earth, the white sandy beaches and the pristine sea fronts are just to die for. :)because its Boracay! nice white sands, hospitality of the filipinos are great, hot girls on bikinis.have u seen the beaches in boracay,tehy go on forever and is many smaller spots you can call green oacen.its very beatyfull down theredrugs and prostitution.. oh the beach and white sand, yes of course, to enjoy drugs and prostitution.. . were you expecting the keywords "hidden", "paradise", and such?always summer.. you can enjoy the beach, nice people white sand, the view, you can relax and enjoy your vacation and see different races of people can meet different friends can enjoy the shopping in cheap and affordable price..  plus discos bar and the food on the beach.. wow!!!!  fresh tropical fruits, fresh fish.. really good... i love it!! =)very beautiful, and it is the best resort island in the Philippines.. . http://www.boracayisland.org/white sand, tan, resorts, prostitution, and money for prostitution.Tourist go there because they do not know any better. There is so much BULL about Borocay that many people think it is a nice place. Many beaches in the islands are much, much nicer. If they want people to enjoy the island they must get rid of the filth floating in the water and on the beach and tear down all the shacks and junk next to the beach.Simple. everybody loves that beach and bitches ! both of them are available in Boracay..here in philippines boracay is really a must see place or rather beach especially if you are a tourist.. its a very beautiful beach plus the white sand thing.. . . if you are fond of going to beach and nature lover.. boracay can be your thing....nice white sand
Opals.opal mine's and underground livingXRay Delta 1 has said it all.. . I have wanted to go there since I first heard about it, about 40 years ago, and find a 'pipe' of opals which I think are the most beautiful gemstones ever, and live like a troglodyte.Opal mining its a major tourist attraction now.. The hotels in this town have milner safes in the rooms as its past shows a history of big opal findings!. You can rent a dugout there and spend your life underground mining. You might be lucky and strike a vein.First of all you probably won't know that Australia as a country is famous for holding over 90% of the world's opal. Coober Pedy is Australia's most famous opal mining town. It is located far inland in the state of South Australia, which is "the driest state in the driest country on Earth." This makes it not as surprising to hear that its inhabitants live mainly underground. Of course, many people upon hearing stuff like "underground in dugout caves" immediately think of Coober Pedy as a place with very primitive homes and people that were never influenced by modern civilization. This not true in the least. In fact, Coober Pedy's appearance considering its location, shows the fact that it is part of a very well-developed country. Try measuring exactly how remote the town is as well as the natural conditions of the area, and then if you see how the inhabitants of a similar area in, say, Northern Africa live then it'll be clear how Coober Pedy is very "civilized."opals and underground housingOpalsOpal mines & underground hotels. Great place to visit.I have no ideaHi, Coober Pedy is one of Australia's opal mining town. Opal is still being mined to this day, and some of the Aussies best opals collected had come from here.. . Over time, there are many unused mines in there, and some enterprising people had turned these old mine shafts into underground hotels! This is a cool idea as Coober Pedy is hot like the desert. So it is a welcome relief to stay underground to escape the heat.. This is the new attraction there, besides the opals, which you can fossick for when you are there.mining.thats all its good for.god foresaken sweat box in the middle of no where.OPALS!. . . Coober Pedy is a remote opal mining town in the desert on the Stuart Highway to the Northern Territory.  The surrounding lunar landscapes and that most of the town is built underground makes it interesting. Loacted 850 kilometres from Adelaide by road.The fact that it's mostly underground.. . You can stay in underground motels if you wish, and it's a great way to keep out of the heat. Pick up some opals while you're there!I stayed a night in Coober Pedy 6 years ago, whilst on an outback tour with my daughter's school. We stayed underground in a sort of dormitory. It was great!. . Most people live in underground houses, as has been mentioned, and there's also an underground church.
If you are without transport there are taxis at the airport. You can hire one of them outside the airport or use a courtesy phone to call a taxi.. . If you are hiring a car then as you exit the airport take the R21 to Benoni. Remember in South Africa we drive on the left hand side of the road.There's a shuttle service from Johannesburg airport to most suburbs. Considering that Benoni is close to the airport, you will find a shuttle to there easily, I suppose.I got this off of google for you, have a look at the map and I'm sure you'll be able to browse through there in case i didn't give you the exact type of map you'd be looking for! I stay really close to Rynfield Benoni!!!foofoo
Contact the airlines for specific instructions.. . Also contact the embassy.....They might have regulations.pay the airline people and allow it to sit next 2 ucheck with the airlines, i saw people on the plane with dogs. they said that there is an extra fee but only that they had to have their shots. i guess it's no big deal.FedexI went through a run-around 6 years ago trying to get information about how to bring my cat with me. At first the only answer I could get was that I wasn't allowed to bring a pet to any hotel in China. I was told this first thing every time I called at every place I called. I had my HR person working on it in China, and no one had any answers. . . Finally, what I learned with cats was that they might be quarantined at the airport, but that I could pay a fee and quarantine them in my own apartment. This has changed since SARS. . . I believe all dogs are quarantined, but I don't know how long. . . I brought my cat on the plane with me, in the cabin. I had to make a reservation and that took me literally hours waiting on the phone, but I finally got the reservation. I paid for excess baggage, which was about $130 at the time. . . When I went through customs, no one even looked at my cat. This was in Beijing. I don't know about anywhere else.. . The plane will not take a pet in the hold in the summer months. It gets too hot. I drugged my cat because he freaks at motion, and the vet had advised me to start cutting white rice into his canned food a week before we left, increasing the amount of rice each time until the day we left he was eating pretty much pure white rice (cooked of course). This meant he never once did the smelly business in the 20 hours we were traveling, as he had done from Greece to the US. Stnky!!! and embarrassing. . . Good luck. I suggest with a small dog like a Jack Russel, you take him in the cabin with you. That way, if he is sleeping in his little bag, customs may not even look at him and you won't have to worry about quarantine.. . Don't worry once you get here. There are tons of dog supplies and vets in China. The Chinese LOVE their pets, even if they do eat dog.. . I forgot to mention that I had to have a certificate from my doctor saying that my cat had had rabies shots just like three days before departure. The certificate is supposed to have a "chop" on it, but if you can get it notorized, there should be no problem. Anyway, no one even looked at my paper. I also had a "passport" for my cat with a record of all his shots. Again, no one asked for anything.Sure...dog is a delicacy here. I'm sure it will be welcomed.. . But in all seriousness, the hassles involved when bringing a dog into China, and then returning to your own country will be numerous, not to say expensive. . . Unless you are ultra-patient and ultra-rich, I advise you to keep the dog at home.
they love to watch movies, stroll,, go on trips, play games, do part time jobs, attend concerts  go to malls, do some sports, watch tv, read books    etc etc. . you can ask for the nearest university, or community where they have summer festival programs,shopping! They love going shopping! You will see lots of young people in Downtowns.The same thing all other teenagers  world wide like to do. That and a good bit of then are in school year round.
take the Amtrak from Penn Station to Rochester.. . Better yet, take a local flight (yes, Rochester has an airport).  It'll save you alot of time.Try Amtrak.  Probably the Northeast corridor.Amtrak goes there. . . Looks like 4 times a day...$65 lowest fare.
Chennai to Tirupathi is 165 Kms. there are bus service available from Kouambadu bus station  which is 15 Kms from main city. My suggestion that you may go by Tamilnadu tourism development copration tourist bus. the corporation has giving best arraignments. the tour they operated from Monday to Friday and the tour is started  from wallaja road, near mount road or annasalai. this tour is include with transportation, beak fast, lunch and VIP dharisn like cellar Dharsian tickets and also visit to thiruchandu goddess temple. The Rate is Rs. 650.00 per ticket in Non A/C coach .Hey its simple to get a Govt bus to Tirupathi, Every 20 Mins - 30 Mins u have bus from CMBT( Chennai Metro Bus Terminus) at Koyembedu. Also u have Luxury private bus fromthe same place but a little away from the CMBT. Also u can p[refer Train there are few trains that passes Tirupathi and few trains the go for Tirupathi. CAn board from Central Rly Stn.I am surprised - No Tamil anna tried to help a Hyderabadi tambi with this. Don't worry - it is not going to be that tough. As far as I know - Chennai has buses every half hour to Tirupati. But if you are looking for a Deluxe bus, the frequency may be a little less.. You can get the bus to go directly to Tirumala too.. . For specific help on how to reach the bus station from railway station - I did not get much info on the net.  Why don't you log into some chennai room on yahoo chat and seek help. There must be some helpful Chennai guys out there. But do not worry it is not all that difficult to get help once you get to Chennai too. They are all helpful mostly, including the Chennai Police. I say this out of personal experience :-)  Good luck.. . TTD's website http://www.tirumala.org says. Tirupati is: 137 km from Chennai (via Red Hills, Utthukottai, Nagalapuram, Puttur and Renigunta) . 145 km from Chennai (via Poonamalli, Tiruvallur, Tiruttani, Nagiri and Puttur) . 152 km from Chennai (via Red Hills, Tada and Sri Kalahasti). . . Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) and Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) run daily buses between Chennai and Tirupati. The frequency is between half-an-hour to one-and-a-half hours. The journey time is 5 hours, and the fare is INR 55.00 per head. Return journey tickets can also be bought at the Chennai Bus Station.
I think the air is very think and it is hard to breath, but if you love the beach as much as I do, it doesn't matter.Humidity in SC is bad I will not kid you. Some days in the heat of summer and you walk out it feels as if a hot wet blanked is drop over your head. Out west it can be 110 but when you sweat it drys and you feel cool. In SC sweating does not help it will not dry if the humidity is 95 and the temp in all so 95.. Winters there are not bad a few cold days and some ice. But much cooler than LA. In the summer all is green trees grass plants what is great. You can find a place near the woods you get a cool wide come out of the woods in the summer.There is humidity in SC (anywhere in the south actually) but after a while you get used to it. There will be days that you will be begging for the AC and there are days that it will be the same temperature but there's a breeze and it feels wonderful. Usually the closer you are to the coast the better the breeze. Also, I recommend Charleston over Myrtle Beach.it's fine, when its hott, its hott, when its cold its cold, humidity isn't a prob unless its raining, lolThe relative humidity varies during the same day ,from day to day and from season to season . Please activate weather channel or Yahoo Messenger (weather) enter any cities ,you will get the running and also forecast weather condition ( Humidity ,Temperature , Wind speed)usually not to bad
expensive2 expensive. its the summer!!!! but if your really interested . in a trip go to www.rosemarybeach.com  they have beautiful gardens.Great, we are members, always a fun day. Right on Busch Blvd, drive. AAA, has discounts, look into it.Busch Gardens is alright, they have a Florida resident special to busch gardens and adventure island for about $72. The cheapest way to go is to rent  a vehicle and get one of those hotel saver book and you'll be good to go. Because I'm leaving next weekToo expensive and there is no cheap way to go anywhere right now.bush gardens is in tampa buddy. thats like 300 or more miles away from miami.
I guess it is ok - if you have a tight budget. You will go in a group . It would be much chepaer than if u want one exclusive for urselfSOTC is an excellent tour operator, if you are looking for group packages. If you wanna look out for indiviual packages, you should avoind SOTC and should go in for India Holidays, Khar(W), Mumbai.
Nothing will happen but there is a chance that if a policeman will check your passport while you are out of status then you will go to the police station to fill up a report and you may be be under arrest for a day or two... the rest will be with the immigration department.they dont do anything.. i outstayed my visa in israel twice.. they didnt realy noticeI don't know, but I don't think there would be a problem returning to Israel next time.  Israel *normally* works on the "machar" system--everything is always late.  They'll do what they can to get money from you, but I don't think anyone would hold it against you.... . But check with your local Israeli Consulate to be sure.you are forced to join their army for 2 years lolYes sometimes they dont let you back in they are very strict about that, and get very angry. So good luck
Because, if people really want to shop outside...they usually dress warm!!I ask the same thing about Denver.because dont you want to feel the wind of they windy city!! it isnt always cold it acctually is a very beautiful city!!Because Chicago is warm in the summer, and we shop in the summer.. . I'm from chicago even though my thing says indiana.because its cheaper, i guess...  i always wondered why my highschool in northern michigan was an "open" campus with outdoor walkways... it didnt make a whole lotta sense in the winter!!!Chicago *is* cold! Everyone's used to it there.Because we're tough! If you can't take it move to Florida, I guess is the attitude.You have to remember that people who live in Chicago do not generally "shop" during the winter. they know where things are at and get in and get out. Yes, we dress for the weather as well. In the summer, when all the tourists are here, THAT is when people shop. Oh and during christmas too! It's so pretty then you forget the cold anyways.Because it's so damn hot in the summer. Seriously, there are maybe only two "outdoor" shopping malls in the area. It's not a big deal.because its fun and were tough and awesome!
The Enchanted Garden is in the grounds of Groombridge Place. Their website will provide you with more information and travel directions.I suggest you go onto the website of the AA or the RAC, these are excellentGroombridge is one of the outstanding family attractions in Kent. It comprises Formal Gardens and The Enchanted Wood. The Good Britain Guide's Garden of the Year title is just one of the many awards won by Groombridge Place.. . The walled formal gardens were designed in the 17th century by John Evelyn and are still laid out in much the same way today. Created as a series of themed areas or 'rooms' each has its own unique character and feel. The formal area includes; The Chessboard (quite literally), The Knot Garden, The Secret Garden and The Oriental Garden.. . The Enchanted Forest is a woodland garden overlooking the house and like The Formal Garden is divided into several distinct areas which include; The Rain Forest, Jurassic Valley and The Wild Wood. The similarities however end there, the Forest has been created as an interactive experience for young people of all ages. The Mystic Pool, Serpent's Lair and Mossy Bottom are just some of the features likely to enchant visitors.. . Other features and events at Groombridge include:. . Birds of prey . . Two small museums . . Gift shop . . Licensed Garden Restaurant . . Craft fairs . . Fireworks . . Wine tasting . . Archery demonstrations . . You can even travel to the gardens from Tunbridge Wells on the Spa Valley Steam Railway.. . Opening Hours:. The gardens are open every day between 18th March - 4th November from 10am to 5.30pm. . Prices :. Adults £8.70. Senior Citizens £7.20. Children (3-12 ) £7.20. Family Ticket £29.50 (2 Adults and 2 Children). . You can find Groombridge Place and Gardens at:. . Groombridge Place Gardens & The Enchanted Forest. Groombridge. Tunbridge Wells. . Contact . Tel: 01892 861444. E-mail: office@groombridge.co.uk. Website: www.groombridge.co.uk
It depends of your nationality first. If you are us citizen you cannot. If you are European you can.. If you study in France as a foreigner you are allowed to work 20 hours a week.learning french first, then go to france.If you are an American citizen then you will probably not be able to work legally in France. . . Moreover, the unemployment rate among young people is more than 20% so jobs are scarce even for French citizens.Go to a hotel most of the employees will know how to speak English, you can get a job doing a variety of things at a hotel. . . don't go to just any hotel though, try a nicer upper class hotel
Cannot.These are deleted the moment you close the offline messages window,. Conversely,if u do reply to any of them - and u have Message Archiving enable - u can check up your message archivesEnable Message Archiving and all your offlines would be stored.. . Goto Contacts>Message Archive
I lived in Siena for two years and it is such an absolutely amazing place! But make sure that when you are looking around Tuscany that you experience it yourself, and not with a tour, because you will enjoy it much more without some tour guide nagging you to stop looking at the scenery and hurry up! have funTuscany is a charmed land, equally blessed by the genius of man and nature, ... Looking In Tuscany villas, apartments and hotels - the perfect vacation in tuscany since 1997. Swimming pools, excellent views and great value for money help make .... for a Tuscany / Toscana flagTuscany - Toscana - lies in central Italy measuring 22,992 square kilometers of which 1330 make up Tuscan archipelago, it has a population of over 3.5 million.The region contains all types of scenery providing the tourist with an infinite choice of wandering: a region of gentle hills, mountains, sandy beaches and rugged Mediterranean coastlines.. . read more:This is a very big question!. There are a lot of information on this on the Internet, books, etc.. From personal experience, it is a very beautiful area in Italy.. Please see our pictures from last year trip below.  . We drove around the area and were able to visit a few different places for various flavors of the region.  So rental car is a good idea.  It is not that hard to drive there especially if you are going to smaller towns.  You may want to just walk mostly in Florence and Pisa Leaning Tower area.. Plan to stay at different places such as Florence, Lucca, San Gemignano, Pisa and Siena for example.. Below also a good site with more information.. The main thing is to just relax and enjoy.  Spend time to learn about the region slowly, so you can appreciate it.Too wide question.. There are a lot of places to visit in Toscana, more than you can find in a tourist guide. You can't visit it in only one holiday. Which kind of holiday do you prefer? To visit monument? Little towns? The nature? Do you like the sea?
Have a passport. For a Mexican, visiting Canada is nothing like visiting the United States. You can buy a ticket and have a passport - that's it.. . If you have further questions feel free to ask a travel agent or airline you plan to travel.touchdown in USA ??? check Canadian  and USA embassies in you own country FIRSThere is the canadian immigration site, they have all of the information you need.this site might help. http://www.explore.canada.travel/ctc/ke/homepage.jsp?localeId=24. it is in Spanish so I don't know what it says but it seemed like the right link. I hope it helps. all I could really find is that Canadians don't need passports to go to Mexico. I know that you don't need a Visa
Well there is Ethanol and Bio-Diesel but the car companies are in the pockets of the oil companies. We need Hydrogen Fuel Cells but I doubt we'll get it anytime soon.No one has created a better fuel for transportation yet.Conversion costs, difficulty of finding substitutes with compairable energy content by volume, as well as the horrible consequences of drammatically decreasing the world's largest industry in a short period of time. It's not going to happen overnight.GAS AND DISEL ARE NOT THE ONLY ALTERNATIVES THERE IS ALSO SOME TYPE OF ENVIRONMENTAL FRIENDLY CRAP.What cave have you been hiding in where you've never heard of hydrogen fuel cells, propane conversions and electric vehicles?They're working on that. you can use ethanol now, & there's that thing where you can replace diesel with cooking oil...because if we used the new technology the gas and oil business would go under and gov would loose trillions of $$$$, and millions of people would be out of jobs. So, gov keeps electric cars expensive and other healthyer technology a secretWell my good ole state of Iowa is working on that for you, we have quite a few ethanol factories here. And haven't you heard of E-85 flex fuel? We have those cars here and there are commercials for them. If not google E-85 and you'll get some info on it.
There was already a question about this, dutch is derived from the term deutsch (german), but they meant the people from The Netherlands. Holland consists of some provinces (North, South and Zeeland) famous from the golden ages (United East Indian Company, VOC), combined with other provinces it makes up The Netherlands.Holland is a region in the country of The Netherlands. The language of NL is Dutch...thus, the reason people from Holland are called the Dutch. I have never, ever heard of 'hollandits' or 'hollandites'. I've been visiting The Netherlands twice a year for the last 3 years, and can assure you, that is not a common term. The only term I've ever heard that references peoples from the western part of NL is "Hollander."
Whah Whah Whah.  I will bang your mother and sister and so forth.Their upbringing and culturethat's just how we roll.....Americans are rude because they have never been paid for saving your sorry butt from Hitler.I think you're just trying to push buttons - calling americans out for talking about sex, when we don't allow nudity on television, while many places in Europe and elsewhere around the world, it is allowed.. Like British humor never mentions sexual topics.... Puhleeze.Ok here is the thing... your wrong and we win.. so f you...not all americans are rude. its just like rednecks on tv all you see are the ones you dont want tooLook, not all of us are like that. I happen to NOT be fat and obnoxious.  Why take everything you see in tourists and TV and apply it to everyone? If i did that i could probably guess that you had bad teeth and were a heavy drinker. But I'm sure that you're a very nice individual with average to fantastic looking teeth... catch my drift? So some of us talk about sex, some of us are spoiled, some of us are extremely rich and some of us are dirt poor but you can't condemn a whole country for a stereotype some people earned for us. But if you want to keep doing that, i can just start posting questions asking why all french ppl are so stuck up and and never shave, why all the Irish drink so damn much and why the British have bad teeth. I don't apply stereotypes to a country as a whole and neither should you... if you wanna ask that question maybe you could say "why are SOME Americans so..." even better "why do some PPL ..." because lemme tell you one thing, it's not just us.i blame the media......But I dont think they are that bad! How do you know that they are doing that ?they are control by the media and society itself its the most blessed nation in the world but at the same time the most peverted and lostI dont think it really matters what country you are from.  Whether you are from France (HOME OF THE RUDE) or The Virgin Islands where I met some of the kindest people I have ever met, you will always find the rude ones stand out the most.  Sorry you feel that way about Americans so specifically.  . On another note, it is really disheartening to hear some of the answers from Americans who responded to your question.  Patriotism has become a thing of the past it seems.  I wonder if it is the same in your country.you are wrong, I have traveled all around the world and lived in different countries, there are rude and obnoxious people every where, in general, Americans are honest and kind.I like to think we don't take ourselves as seriousley as the people from Europe...I think a better question would be...how can a country allow it's leader to murder the people, rape, torture and kill...? There are some "vial" minded pple here in America...but at least we treat each other as humans, at least we live free. I personally enjoy "reproduction". Here in American...we do it for fun!Well, first of all, I am a Malaysian Chinese and works for Ford Motor Company, the office in Malaysia .3 years ago, my American boss (now ex-boss) came to work, and it was really bad from the beginning. He is the typical ugly American-loud, brash,arrogant, too straightforward. It got so bad, that the Vice President of Ford Asia-Pac had to come and tried to resolve this "human relation" issue.But he did change eventually and even admitted his own weaknesses.. . Well,at that time, he made me hate America and Americans, and I vowed never to visit US, but guess what, I went to New York last year, and had a great time. The people were friendly, and tried to make me feel comfortable because I was travelling alone.. . What I can say is, SOME , but not all, Americans are like that is because they are ignorant, and never been out of their country before. And therefore, they find it hard to adapt to other cultures and ways. But in time, they will try to understand and learn. They are not mean people, but quite nice actually, and funny. : )I didnt know they are all rude and stuff.You made them out so bad.Not all americanos are rude and obnoxious you know.Maybe you met the wrong people.I went to the USA last 2 years and they were preety much friendly and nice.They even say hi to me out on the streets when i was walking eventhough they dont know me.It give a warm sense of welcome to tourist like me.I like the americanos,they are a healthy bunch.I just think that is really unfair of you to say such things about them but i cant totally blame you cos people see differently from their own eyes.hahaha. because we can bomb you and your puny country into oblivion, and then have sex with your mothers.. . also, because we are corrupted by our media from birth, and shaped into an ignorant gray blob of semen and filth.because we were founded by people who were sexually uptight.... and continued 2 be governed by sexually uptight people (even with Bill Clinton)  sex is frequently talked about..... and those mother jokes came from some stupid comedy routine...sexual humor not so much my thing... then again I'm a 21 year old female not a 21 year old male.... we also talk about other things.....books, music, TV, food, etc etc...but not so much on-line. . have you ever been stateside? you might actually like it... people are friendly .. I'm not so big on the touristy areas of the country... New York, California, Floridatakes one to know one, why do the english have such bad teeththey think they are are rulers of the world, they think because of that, they can do anything they want.Welcome to my world im thinking the same way too but im not that much american im part american but  weird. . 50 percent american 50 percent other THATS MEhey! I am not American, but I think that not all of them are like this. Just some of them.every country has rude people in it.judge people for who they are and not where they are from.you are very rude for asking this so go to your room and think about your actionsI think it's all down to stereotypes, we tend to think they are loud and obnoxious because to be honest, that's how they are portrayed on TV. . . They also think that we all have bad teeth and talk like the Queen. Obviously this is not true for every Brit but it's just their perception of us. . . I don't have a problem with them except for one thing ... When you ask a question and they INSIST on throwing the word 'duh' into their answer ... God I hate that word, it's so smug and tacky.. . But apart from that it's all good!I guess cause they can beNOP IT'S NOT LIKE THAT. A HUMAN NEEDS SEX AND IT IS NECESSARY AND EVERYONE IS DESPERATE ABOUT IT.BUT AMERICANS TAKE IT THE ANOTHER WAY AND JUST MAKE FUN ABOUT IT AND ARE EXPERIMENTAL. AND THEY BECOME RUDE BECAUSE SOMETIME IN SOMEWAY YOURE DISTURBING THEM!!! SO LET THEM LIVE THE WAY THEY WANT AND DO NOT HATE THEM OR BE RUDE AT THEM AND YOU WILL GET THE SAME FEELING FROM THEM!!!!Nothing is as rude and obnoxious as one who who generalizes the characteristics of millions of individuals based solely on the country in which they live.Not as much as anyone one else in this messed up worldWe're not all like that. You're simply stereotyping American's. I am sure that there are all kinds of people in your country as well. Yes, I acknowledge that there are some who are rude and obnoxious, however, those that are that way are usually shun by society. As far as joking around about perverted topics, American's are known to have a sick sense of humor, I guess it goes back to the whole "Freedom of speech"...I have a American friends and they are quite gentle and polite, not all Americans are rude, and i think in all nations are people that like sick jokesI was at a Chelsea against Germany soccer game in England not to long ago. I can tell you the English did not appreciate some people when they kicked there ass. I thought I was going to be gunned down at Parliament at the antiwar guys. You English can be pretty arrogant yourselves. Tony Blair did pull up beside us in his Jaguar and had the papers for the queen. I could not believe he was stuck at a traffic light beside us. I asked him to do lunch and he refused, I was devastated. God Blessyour momma's so fat your daddy had to role her in flour to find the wet spot. . oh and here you go.. ... "Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn." . - Arnold SchwarzeneggerBecause we have the right to be. If you don't like it don't read it.  See, that's one of your rights.  Isn't this fun how that works.WHICH AMERICANS ARE YOU REFERING TO?  CANADIENS ARE AMERICANS.  SO ARE BRAZILIANS AND CHILEAN'S.  SO YOU CAN NOT JUST SAY AMERICANS ARE RUDE WITHOUT INSULTING HALF THE WORLD IN ONE FELL SWOOP.  . IF YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT PEOPLE FROM THE UNITED STATES, THEN YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND, WE ARE 10 AND 1 IN WARS.  WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE COCKY.  LOOK AT ALL THE CRAP WE TAKE FROM OTHER COUNTRIES UNTIL IT COMES TIME FOR FOREIGN AID.  THEN WE ARE THE NICE GUYS OF THE WORLD.  WE BAIL THE WORLD OUT OF TROUBLE AND THEN WE GET KICKED IN THE FACE FOR IT.  I THINK WE OUGHT OT CUT OUT ALL FOREIGN AID AND CLOSE THE DOORS TO OUR COUNTRY.  SCREW ALL THEM BEGGARS WHO WANT FOREIGN AID.  ASK FRANCE TO HELP THEM AND SEE WHERE IT GETS YOU.why would you want to lump all americans in with a few who have no morals or values and are perverted?? not all americans are rude and obnoxious. . how would you like it if we said all brits were bad mouthing americans because of what one said??cuz reproduction is funnybecause they are the super power in the world and think they own the world so therefore they can do anything they want and no one can tell them what to doI'm american and I really don't take offense to this question. I've wondered the same thing for awhile now. I pretty much realized americans were a bunch of sick b*st*rds when alot of them were laughing about the fact that we're invading other countries and slaughtering hundreds of people.. . And to me it seems like a lot of american celebrities are having children. It's like they don't think the safe sex policy applies to them.. . But not all americans are like this. I would never ever make a joke about my mother like that. I wouldn't let anybody else make a joke about my mother like that either. I don't have kids because the world is overpopulated and filled with so much violence it'd be cruel to bring a child into this world. And it's not all just America. I know quite a few people from other countries who have sick jokes or have 4 kids by the time their 25.maybe cuz you're so uptightI will concede that Americans are rude and obnoxious if and only if you concede that reproduction is fun.I guess Dubya will have to answer this questionGo Fuc* your mother. or, as a fellow Yahooer told me...do ma may -vietnamese "go f.u.c.k your mum"Not all are like that everywhere is a vial minded person no matter where you live. Reproduction I don't believe Americans "always" talk about that and its not an issue. Now talking about reproduction ask that question to China. They kill there newborns if the first child isn't a boy or they leave it in some orphanage. Did you know they are only allowed one child per couple because of the over population. Yeah I have to only agree with you on the how anybody can joke about doing their own mother part, that's disgusting. Where are you from? Did you know you misspelled (believe)?i dont think americans are rude.  especially when compared to other countries.  other countries who have no respect for other people who are different from them.  who ever asked this question is just an ignorant shmuck who needs to learn a little something before he speaks.Not all americans are this way........... You find this kind of sicko in all walks of life.  You seem to be trying to lump all americans into one sick group which is unfair at best!!!!!!!!!!Because most of us only worry about the materialistic things in life, we judge our own people, our governments fucked up....and we know it so we try to cover it up with humor ;) LOL who knows! sum suck, sum dont, thats any where! hope i helped ;)most do not have a decent educationA few reasons.  One their parents didn't teach them any better.  Two, they're being obnoxious to annoy you.  Three they don't think. Four they think they're tough shit because they're the dominant world power.I don't think they can help it,----Canadianbecause we are such a rich country we have become spoiled. we have everything we need at our fingertips and we dont realize it. we are very lazy and fat.Well i must say I visit America very often over the years and I have never experienced even one rude American.  They have all been more than friendly to annoyance when most say to me keep talking, keep talking. They love the English accent so I guess maybe thats one plus.  I dont however condone the gun crime however and feel they should have a total ban on guns. The only rude and obnoxious comments I have experienced is what can be read on Answers which sometimes surprise me.I don't think I'm rude.It's the way we've been brought up - Always go, go , go and WIN at any cost. Manners are tought after winning and winning graciously doesn't matter.. . At least we aren't French.
Not much damage, but lots of trash everywhere.  Waste Management doesn't pick up garbage on a regular basis most of the time.  Crime rate is going up as certain people return to the city.??The French Quarter is still very much intact even though some of the restaurants have been closed before Katrina. The Garden District is a little trashed, but still livable at this point.The French Quarter was hardly touched by Katrina, but parts of the Garden District were completely destroyed (remember the arson?).  In other parts, they are still finding bodies and many many places haven't been touched since the hurricane.still there but beat upMost of it was preserved. I hear that it looks almost the same.. . I've been twice, and I really want to go back. I love New Orleans.I live in New Orleans, actually have not returned permanently YET. I live in the Garden district & most of  the area was not damaged by the hurricane or flood, but some destoyed by fire. It does not look nearly as pretty, but it is definately liveable. Trash is a big problem and the smell is pretty bad. The French quarter which was the original New Orleans is actually above sea level so it was not flooded. It looks the same, just kind of emtpy. Dicky Brennans steak house opened back up the last time I was there which was the end of April. Most of the rest. in the quarter are open. I saw more crime walking from my hotel alone at 2 a.m to dante;s pizza to get a frozen drink and a slice of pizza when i woke up in the middle of the night, than I ever saw during mardi gras or other high crime times. It was the first time I ever felt kind of scared and vulnerable being 30's female walking alone in the quarter at night. Ordinariy if you are from there people can sense it and no one bothers you, but I did not feel safe. My husband was worried when I got back and woke him up. Drove through the ninth ward , it was gut wrenching to read the red symbols still on all the doors, it doesn take long to figure out the codes, "2 dead children in attic, 3 dead adults under debris" "4 dead roof" "dead animal" "2 dead dead under debris, 1 live body lifted" I'm getting chills now thinking about it.I live in New Orleans, and they're beautiful, as usual--the Garden District and French Quarter were untouched by flooding and most wind damage.
www.uniontelecard.com if Skype does not work out.  their rates ARE the bestuse an internet phone off yahoo or whatever for 2 cents a min.Tell some woman from there.skype is easy to use and downloadable for free.  sound quality is pretty good tooI guess a phone card. Try the at&t ones. They are a little more expensive but they dont rob your minutes like the cheap ones dothe at&t phone cards are horrible.for the 5.25 cards,you only get like 5 minutes. There are phone cards targeted for each country and region. If you go to a local store,ask before you buy one since you may buy one for another country and it won't have enough minutes...On somebody else's phone!deff internet phone not yahoo though seach for a  over the seas esp.there is cards you find them in stores..Dallas cards or something like that. they are five dollar and u can talk from 30mins to 1 hr it depends on what they have.. they are $5 onlybuy a calling card from your local Bodega or look for international stores in your area if you do not live in a big city...Check the posters and I highly recommend Strawberry calling cardsIf the other person has broadband in Ghana, you can use a free VOIP solution like Skype or Yahoo! Messenger with Voice.. . If only you have broadband, you can try a service like Vonage, which has rates from $0.11-$0.20, depending on where in Ghana.
If you have a confirmation number, you can often look it up on the website for the airline. If not, you can call their toll-free number and verify the flight.you have to do it by phone. you call your airline directly and provide them with name and flight details and ask for a reconfirmation and it's done.
Maybe it's the reporting that does it. Our TV and newspapers report any little bit of crime that they can get their hands on. All these little stories plus the few serious ones make it look like there's nothing but crime here..    Do the European news people go to such an extent to report minor crimes ? Truthfully, I don't know.Movies... TV... Most crime-related movies and TV series come from the US. How much of that material do you see coming out of other countries?!!Blame Charlton Heston and the Gun Lobby and the so called Right to Bear Arms which has been misinterpreted.Yes, property and petty crime may be higher in other countries, (although I don't have the statistics to back that up), but the level of violent crime in the US is still bad. For example homicide rates in the UK are less than 2 per 100,000 people, whereas in the US it is closer to 10 (a factor of 5 times!) . Getting my purse snatched I can deal with, being murdered is a little more terminal!news and mediamabe the one here are more seriouse crimes such as murder and shootings. in europe i thing its mostly petty theft.Because the United States does have a disproportionately higher rate of violent crime using guns than others. We get a blackeye for it.I like lvyy answer....and i am american....but as far as why it is this way I blame the media. They want us to live in fear of each other, a country divided is easier to control....Bush has fox network in his back pocket(his cousin runs it)I think crime has always been bad but the media pumps it up and we hear about more details and such and also the population has grown, therefore more crime.Because the person who represent your country is the world's biggest terrorist.
cuz that's how they look from space !!!!!!!!So that you can easily tell them apart.. . Otherwise, it might be hard to identify the borders.It just makes them a whole lot easier to see.Rainbow colors for life.so u can tell them apartJust to make it easy for you to distinguish at a glance, where the boundaries of each country are. You will notice that map makers are free to choose any colours they want for any countries they want, so there is no 'correct' colour for any particular country.To make the borders of the countries easier to see. The colors also happen to be the most favorite color voted on by the country's people.
City place has all kinds of restaruants and shops. It also has live bands on the weekends. Movieco is there also. City place is only 5 mins from the beach.Wild Animal Jungle, Everglades,  beach. Have a great time!!!We have a small, but beautiful and historic zoo at Dreher Park.. . Spend an afternoon on "the island" of Palm Beach. Drive along A1A and see private homes larger than hotels. Window shop on Worth Avenue. Visit the Henry Flager Museum; take the guided tour for some real insights into how Palm Beach became the resort of the rich, and the shenanigans of early Palm Beachers. Have lunch at Chuck & Harold's or Testa's, both surpirsingly affordable if you keep the drinks to a minimum.. . Breakfast at John G's (just north of Lake Worth Pier) is a tradition. Be prepared to wait in line if you arrive after 8 o'clock on weekends. After breakfast, swim in the sea and lie on the beach. Or drive a couple miles north and enjoy a quieter beach and Phipps Ocean Park. McArthur State Park on Singer Island (north of downtown) is another good beach destination.. . For nightlife, Clematis Street is near solid clubs and restaurants. A free trolley connects Clematis with City Place. Ride around see what appeals to you.. . About 40 minutes south, Morikami Japanes Gardens and Museum is a great place to spend a day. Call ahead to make reservations for a tea ceremony or other demonstrations. Have a meal at the "on campus" restaurant. And bring some extra travellers' checks for the gift shop.. . Check the paper for Polo Matches. Take a gambling cruise (to nowhere) from the Port of Palm Beach. Board Tri-Rail at WPB AmTrak station and cruise down to Fort Lauderdale (a shuttle will meet your train and take you to downtown, Las Olas Blvd, and the beach) or downtown Miami (connect to the People Mover to see downtown or take a bus to South Beach).mad shit, hit me up and ill show u around. Im 21 and live outside of palm bay near palm beach reach me at jvillaenterprise@yahoo.com   its raining right now thoughshopping on worth avenue
IT aint gloomy anymore. its up into the 80's this weekend.Its 10:45 right now and the sun is out and its HOT right now.. . If its really a typical june gloom, the overcast will be there until at least 11 am, then it burns off and sunny til 5 or 6 pm. Then it will get cool and its light jacket or long sleeve weather, if you get cold easy.. . Last night I was out til 9 pm and didn't need a jacket, just a tshirt and long pants/capri.Still pretty gloomy, today is totallyl foggy all they way to Camarillo but it burns off by the late afternoon. We have had a few sunny days inbetween so its pretty much a hit and miss at the moment.not good
Drive out Sandy Blvd.....you'll see why Portland is PORN capital of the Northwest!   There are more porn stores per block than any city in the Northwest.   More Serial Killers/rapists come from this area than anywhere.. . Rain?  It makes Seattle look like a desert!. . It's a GROSS, dirty.....yucky-looking town.    Walk around downtown at night.......(bring a gun). . I hated it there.     (and YES...I did live there).. . . Choose Seattle!    Waaay better !   (even though we had the Green River Killer)My wife and I lived in Portland, OR for a year when we were first together.  It is a great city.  We have often wished we had never left.  But I think the winter blues hit me a bit due to the lack of sunshine in winter.  The rain.. please it isn't really rain it is a mist most days.  But most of the winter is grey and cloudy.  Portlanders say you can tell the tourists/newcomers becuase they have umbrellas.  And for the most part that is true.  It rains more in Houston, TX (quantity) than it does in Portland.  Portland just has more "rainy" days..  A good overcoat is a must.  . . Portland is so green and lush, and the fall colors are absolutely mind blowing in their colors and beauty.  The landscape around portland is a wonderful place to explore if you are at all nature oriented.  They have a very good transit system if you live in the city and not a suburb, and the suburbs can use the light rail.  We owned one car and only put 5000 miles on it the whole year we lived there.  We rode Public transit everyday to work! and walked to the bus stop (or we could also walk to the train station), but where we lived the trains were usually fuller than the busses so we usually rode the buses.. . Both my wife and I were in our middle twenties at the time and it was a great city at that time in our lives, but we were both out of school so I cannot comment on the schools.  The income tax is pretty steep, but if you are a student I am sure that isn't an issue.. . Cost of home ownership is high, but renting was about the same as where we were from. (that will depend on where you are from, we were comparing to Texas)The rain is only a problem if you're a sugar cube, you wooses.. . Great aviation training at the Hillsboro airport and the West side is better weather anyway.I would consider moving to Portland too, except for maybe the rain.  But besides the rain, it is the most charming small city I've ever visited in the U.S.  I love the quaint little neighborhoods, mom & pop shops, great restaurants, and there's no sales tax, so shopping is a total blast!  It's green and clean, and one thing I noticed there is that people are very polite.  You don't hear cars honking at each other all day on the road, very patient people.  They are artsy there and are into individual expression, very environmentally conscious.  My favorite neighborhood there is in the NW section near 23rd Avenue (trendy-third ave.), great shopping, people watching and restaurants.  Go there for a weekend and check it out for yourself, I'm sure you'll like it!It's a swing to the left wing... but I love living in Portland! There are always things to do... great shopping, restaurants... always shows to go see... a happenin' night life... the people are great... . . And I am not familiar with any aviation schools, but I am part of a theatre company called Do Jump. We also perform acrobatics and aerial work if you're into that kind of thing. We're actually looking for more company members at the moment if you're interested. There are also many other theatres and theatre schools in the area, however.Its rainy May thru October, but its not real rain, its a sprinkle and only lasts a little while.  It its the rain thats keeping you away, forget about it.  I've lived here my whole life...and I'm very happy...despite the rain.its rainy here. but does get warm during summer months! we have alot of cool stuff here. like malls, theatres, resturaunts, and ice cold beaches.Very Wet.  A friend of mine lived there for only 2 years.  He got tired of the constant wet,  and damp weather.oh, please. it's not that wet. whiners. besides, a rainstorm's often quick and then it's beautiful afterwards!. SE Portland is nice. Powell's (huge bookstore) is great. Stumptown  has fantastic coffee ...mmmm, just thinking about it. Everything is green. People are generally pretty accepting.. It's better than where I'm currently living, and I'd move back in a heartbeat. Lucky you!Dont know a ton about where you could live and stuff (considering I haven't been there for a while) but Beaverton is a really nice suburb (if you can afford it, the property there is a bit spendy and in demand) and it's not too far from Portland, its also extremely beautiful, just as the entire city is!  If you can get used to the almost constant rain, you'll love it there!. Good luck!OK, the thing about Portland - A) extremely liberal B) split-personality weather.  For A - Portland, and all of Oregon, really, is where all the hippies retired to.  They had legal gay marriage for a while, and they cannot prosecute you for less the 1 oz of marijuana.  If you are attracted to this kind of place, Oregon is fantastic, although I'm sure it would definitely turn some off.  As the B - the summers in Oregon are incomparable, with sunny, lightly cloud-dotted breezy skies, and a constant temp of 68-80 in the day dropping to the low 50's at night (Fahrenheit... do y'all use F?)  The winters, on the other hand, are worth getting away from.  Actually, winter is not even accurate, as the rain starts in September and lasts 'til April or May.  It's a drizzly, damp, overcast version of Hell that seems to never end... Until you get that perfection back!  So, really, those are the 2 most important things - hope everyone else halps you more than I can on the nitty gritty.I think people make too much of the rain here.  You don't here people complaining about the rain in other places, like London where it rains just as much as it does here.  Portland is a great place to live because it is an urban area that still feels somewhat small townish (with both the good and bad things about that).  There are many theaters, but I don't know about any acting schools, or aviation schools.  You'll have to check on the web for that.  It's easy to get around here with public transport and the downtown is central and compact.  Oh, and we put up with the rain for the absolutely gorgeous summers, the green forests, the nearby beaches (which are among the top 10 in the world), the water sports opportunities, all the parks, and much much more.  Our city is safe, beautiful and friendly.by not listening to grayrock. Portland is not faar from mt hood covered in snow and the beaches are wonderful. Go to google and type in portland. Miami has more rainfall becuase it comes dowwn in buckets there. Right now it has been sunny and i the 70 and 80's. there are a couple good aviation schools.  We have multnomah waterfalls,crown point lookout. rock climbing,tons of cool stuff to do. I love living here and wouldn't trade it for anywhere else.
OF COURSE WE GET ALONG!!!!  Just look at aussies and new zealanders when they're overseas..even if they don't know eachother it's like they're best friends, I ended up being best friends with a new zealander that I met by chance in london (I'm Aussie)...But we're like family, just like you can rip the piss out of your little brother, or your wierd uncle, aussies and kiwi's rip the piss out of each other, but, also like family, if anyone other than family starts ripping the piss out of one of us, the other jumps straight to their defense...yep, we love eachother, even if kiwi's do have intimate affairs with sheep...eeewe!!both countries have great senses of humour and we both like giving each othe shit, but most of all it is sheep thing!!I'm an Aussie,I've got on with lots of Kiwis LOLcourse they get along once walked into a co fee bar in Australia offed them a cup from my pack and asked for a cup of coffee when the rather puzzled lady asked why i gave her a cup i replied . thought all the cups in Aussie were now in NEW ZEALAND . i was the only kiwi in there and everyone took it as a jokeProbably cuz Australians have those tasty and freaky naughty chocolate Tim Tam's; "suck 'em, lick'em, roll 'em between the aisles".  What a slogan.  My job works with several Australian travel companies and they send those to us.  Weird bunch of people, but aren't we all.We do get along. I have worked with many Kiwi's and we are pretty much alike. We enjoy having a good time, taking the p*** out of each other and calling their movie stars Aussies, all in good fun of course.Of course they get along. It is just a friendly rivalry. New Zealanders and Aussies are so laid back we couldn't be bothered disliking someone. Everyone's a mate!They are neighbors and they have stupid pride over each other. Also because they are practically the same people.We generally get on, except for the odd sporting event.  Australia's unofficial sporting motto is "As long as we beat New Zealand!"It's a freindly rivalry. We are actually real close and get along well.Absolutely they get along.  There are heaps of Kiwis that live in Australia and vice versa (although more kiwis in Oz). . We just like to give each other a good ribbing!. . Q.  How can you tell when a Kiwi has been in your fridge?. A.  There are love bites on the lamb roast. . See what I mean.....we love our Antipodean friends.....but they must be punished!
See you soon or talk to you soon. . . It's an old familiar saying, I'd say.it literally means "until very quickley",,,, its a term used to mean see u rite away,, although it would be more common to say "a tout de suite"It's a familiar way to say  that you'll see or talk to someone in a very short time.A person that has changed gender from a male to a female.
Obsessed is a strong word.  The nuclear family traditionally is Dad, Mom and kids.  I think any family with a loving environment is what a kiddo needs.  Doesn't matter if it comes from Gramma and Grammpa, two mommies, one daddy.  Just love the kids and treat them with respect and TEACH them respect.and they glow in the dark too!. . Whats your point?  Nothing wrong with any kind of family.  Nuclear or otherwise.Who knows how 'harmful' cultural practices arise.  Economics and culture support it.  I see no changes in this.  Though i think the nuclear family is a really bad idea.It's not an obsession , it is a direct result of economic freedom and technology.   When multiple generations used to live under a single  roof  they did  so  because  they couldn't afford to live otherwise.  They lived better together than they would have apart. Such is no longer the case.. There is also something very elemental in the  American psyche- the value of the individual . Most of the world doesn't get that- the think that is a weakness.. In the American version a man chooses a woman and she him- together they go out and build a new life of their own choosing..It's called freedomUh, exactly what research are you referring to?  I believe all the research I've seen indicates otherwise: 1 mom + 1 dad = happy, successful family.Because its the only way we can totally eliminate mankind.Ask another stupid question and see where it gets you.well ive never heard such a claim by any organization claiming that what you say is true, you might try citing a source if you want people to give any credibility to your statement. . the nuclear family, meaning an intact two parent household is what is best for children, this has been the cultural and societal norm for thousands of years and in an evolutionary sense, it must have been favored or it would not have survived so long
Hi dear,your question is not stupid at all. You have right,personally I think that I am not ignorent about South Africa,but still from quite a long time I haven't heard neither on news or other source updated news of your country.I have friends living and working there..even before a couple of years I thought to migrate there..Apart from the past apartheid,and the highest level of crime,and current financial problems(where there not such) I don't know much..If you want tell me more..Good luck!No your question is not stupid. People are very misinformed about South Africa. I think the reason is a lack of interest. Some foreigners don't even know where SA is. I've worked with many foreigners and all think we live next to animals and drive on dirt roads.. . The thing is this. They have been misinformed by their governments and mostly by television. In Korea we have lots of programs about SA. But all of them are on wild animals, poverty and AIDS. There you have it.. . Most people think of the whole of Africa and not of the small country way south that's trying to make a difference.I think Scozbo was very honest in answering this question.. He said their knowledge about other countries doesn't go as far as beyond their own backyards.. Here are some of the websites that people need to see. They will give an idea of how South Africa is today.. . http://www.southafrica.info/doing_business/economy/. . http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/spl/hi/africa/04/photo_journal/race/html/1.stm. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Africa#CrimeGeorge W. BushHon, Cause just like you, we only see what the government wants us to see.. There are good and bad in all peoples. Let`s stop the hate. One person at a time.. . Hugs from Texas and May YOUR God bless you.. {:-). . <><Because most of the news stories coming out of there are usually either about AIDS or someone being murdered.. . For instance, a couple years ago somebody my cousin used to work with was there on Holiday or something..... was getting some money from a cash machine......... got whacked over the head with a baseball bat with people trying to rob him..... and died.because when its news it is always a bad so they develop this tought every thing will be the same i know because im from similar type countryThe media certainly play a role in painting a bleak picture of South Africa, which is readily accepted by people because the overall image of Africa is not too good in Europe and America.. Another important factor, however, are expat South Africans who come to live in Europe or America and tell the locals that they emigrated because their country is "going to the dogs", "too violent", "crime ridden", "ill-governed" or some such thing. But let's not forget, the ones that leave generally know less than the ones who remain. They left for a reason.Generally I don't know how interested Americans are in South Africa, or any other country for that matter.  For most of us, interest doesn't extend us far as our own backyard.
Lucumi is also knows as Santeria which is practiced pretty much in parts of Africa and places like Haiti, Cuba. This term is heard in the religion or ritual songs. Bembele doesn't really have a meaning it is a word just like for the Spanish is bambolea, it is like letting the rythym guide your body and your soul.Hey am sure u are joking . There is no such word
I'm guessing you are in DC since you filed this question under that category.  Whatever you do, make sure you see the WWII Memorial.  It is awesome.De-louse?. . Sorry, PA people. The question was so open-ended and bland I had to say something obnoxious.If you are in PA be careful because if you are not white you are in trouble, and if you came out from PA you are lucky.. It is a nice state but its people are mean and closed minded.. It is called the state of Hicks.. The WASPs in PA called Father's Land, because it reminds them of Germany and there are secret Nazis Groups in PA and the KKK.. It is a very dangerous state no matter where you go.As far as what?  Where are you now?well, for one thing learn to spell it. or is it a new country? and second where did you come from. and what did you do there? and i'm being serious about this.  GET BACK TO ME ON THIS.SleepDon't talk about Pennsylvania like it's a bad place....or a whole other world neither.. . I've checked with a few folks back in PA, and they've been saying that they don't miss you.  Don't go back.party all over town  just take it easy in some part of dc like se and ne of dcturn right at the next exit????............Came from Pennsylvania to go where?  Are you in the computer? I already think mine is possessed.  Is it you?Take a walk on The Mall late at night (of course not alone).  It's not crowded and the sights are wonderful.Get a lawyer. People from that state are involved in a class action suit. It is the largest suit of its kind.well where are you know. any how meet people  and no matter what have funThank god everyday that you got out of that place...lol. Try asking a real question next time.See all the sights you can see and hang on to your personal if your in DC and have a blast if possible you need to probably find a place to stay and job if you are low on cash.  Good luck and check in with friends and family and let them know the address and phone number of where your staying just in caseWhat do you want to do? Where do you want to go? To a class in Spelling.............Maybe?GO BACK WHERE YOU CAME FROM!
Yes, there are trains. But fastest way would be bus - there are direct buses and they are pretty comfyYou can catch Tippu Express,Chamundi express or any of those.I don't think any train from secunderabad directly connects to one of these.But these are the good ones that come fast.Others are just passengers which take a long time.. The best thing would be to catch a volvo from KPG bus stand.That's a lot better than any train.6218  SWARNA JAYANTHI *BANGALORE CY JN  08:45 MYSORE JN  11:45. . 9776  JP MYSORE EXP  *BANGALORE CY JN  17:00 MYSORE JN  20:30  . . 236  MYSORE PASS  BANGALORE CY JN 23:55 MYSORE JN  04:00  . . 6222  MYSORE EXPRESS  *BANGALORE CY JN  05:35 MYSORE JN  08:25 . . 6231  MYSORE EXPRESS  *BANGALORE CY JN  06:30 MYSORE JN  09:30  . . 6731  MYSORE EXP  *BANGALORE CY JN  07:00 MYSORE JN  10:00  . . 214  MYSORE PASS  *BANGALORE CY JN  07:35 MYSORE JN  10:45
What does your question have to do with Canada, Vancouver?Better question is how can WE view your work schedule?? And WTF does this have to do with Canada anyway??Are you working in Vancouver, Canada? Otherwise, I don't see how this question connects to this page.
August is very hot and humid... it is also peak national vacation season... rates are cheaper after August 15 or so.  In October the weather is much nicer but Sept-Oct are peak hurricane season months... Wilma in 05 was Oct 20-23 in CUN.  Rainy season also starts in Sept.  The best month I think is Nov.Beautiful and hot!  The peak time for traveling there is oct. thru Feb. due to some cooler temps.  It should be hot, sunny, and fabulous in August though!That is a very good question...i will be going to cancun in august also. I would also like to know how the weather will be. So far, it doesn't sound to bad.I hope u like the sun cuz it will b hot, hot, hot!!!!  And bring plenty of sunscreen too....  That would b the best time to go b-4 hurricane season starts.....  I went there twice a year on cruise's,  if u go to a resort , it's just simply fabulous...  Oh yeah and have plenty of bloody mary's.... Ha!!!    Enjoy......well, it is a bit hot since it is closer to the equator.  but one thing that you do need to keep  in mind is that it will still be hurricane season when you want to go.  so just watch the weather channel or go to noaa.gov and watch for possible storms brewing.  sometimes there aren't that many because it is starting to cool off towards the end of the season.  but remember, take sunscreen and as always, have a blast!  hope that helps!Sunny, hot and HUMID, bro!. . That time should be cheaper than hell, tho.I went in late July of 96 and it was miserably hot there. I would guess August wouldn't be any different.Very nice.Very hotSunny and hot.
I think its actually Scottish people call other Scottish people Jock. I have only really heard it being used as a nickname for someone called John. I dont think its derogatory, its just banter!!because its short for jockstraps and they wore them a lotThey use the term that the Scottish use for Jack or John etc which is Jakie or JochI agree with John/Jack/Jock, or maybe it's just because "sausages"I don't really know. I was thinking it might be from the phrase 'deoch an dorus' which means a 'drink at the door'. A lot of Jocks are fond of their bevvy.. . Jock is a version of Jaques, which is either Jacob or James, depending, so it might have been to do with James I.. . Since the word also means 'the male organ' and Scotsmen are reputed to wear nothing under the kilt, well ....because it rhymes with coxIt's short for jockstrap.Becayse they are scottishIt's just the regional Scottish distinction of Jock as opposed to the English Jack. Back in black and white days just about everyone was called John which is Jack if your English or Jock for a Scot. Calling the Scots Jocks was almost literally true and it's stuck.It's not just the English, it's the Scots that call the Scots Jocks too!. . I knew a Scottish guy who called himself Jock - and his name wasn't even John. :PThey smell like sweaty socks- jocks!!!!. Cockney slang...we dont   i dont      what are you on about,The "Jocks" are so called because the used to wear Jockstraps on their way into battle.In London we call them Sweaty Socks Cockney slang for JocksI have no idea but my husband calls me this all the time and he says that men should all be called skirt wearing jocks.aint got a clue sorryin mericatahtas a goodthing , ebin a jock( well kinda) so y shud dey midn where it origintaed i mean we call loadsa people loadsa stuff and ee y do da same!
What ever it is make sure you smuggle it internally. I hear the Chinese can be very nasty. ;-)I have several friends in China that are using a new site called www.chinadirecttrading.com and they seem to be doing ok.  you can contact chinabob8888@yahoo.com for information.  I think they pay a $400 on time set up and a $400 annual fee for support. but you get to add and change the site when ever you want.  check it out.its difficult. . i get someone to send things to me here in uk, its so cheap, all the gifts i give are from china and instead of paying £30 for a porcelain doll, i only paid £8 including having it shipped over and the quality is totally different.check out alibaba.com, i've been trying to do the same thing, let me know if you are successful, please
Go on the Citizenship and Immigration Website.  it will explain everything you need to do.Stay where you are at. We are out of room in North America.
It depends where you go.. You can get anything from tropical weather to snow and I've been to both in september.. Australia is a big place. Be more specific.hi there. your question needs to be narrowed down a bit as you're asking about the weather for almost a whole continent!. but i will give you a general overview. basically Oz has a reverse of our climate in the UK. Our summer their winter etc. Perth, Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, NZ in Septemter is generally mild (Spring) but changeable. temps around 18 - 25ish. You could expect a bit of rain but on the whole not too bad. The north of Oz and the interior has it's own weather patterns. 2 seasons only - "bloody hot and dry" and "bloody hot and wet". Hot as in "I need a glass of water every 5 minutes" and wet as in the entire month of November rain in the UK falling in like a day. A lot of places can become inaccessible - people often have small boats but live in the desert! don't let any of this put you off, the place is a true, true paradise and (modestly saying) I've been around a lot.. It is one place that has something for everyone but my advice ( i could go on and on and on and on) don't stick to the cities. Though they are really beautiful make sure you see true australia before it's gone. Unfortunatley it's going to get spoilt. Get into the outback, get onto the best beaches in the world(not just bondi!),. visit the rain forests before they become golf courses for rich japanese business men (oops - a bit political? sorry ) and definitely dive the Great Barrier Reef - that will stay in the memory banks for the rest of your natural! Told you I could go on a bit, but hey I love the place and no I am not a native. And remember 1 little piece of wisdom " If by some strange quirk you don't like somewhere in Oz you can literally drive onto the next bit and it will be completely different! The only people I've ever heard complain about Oz have one thing in common (apart from no imagination), they flew into one of the big cities and did'nt move their sorry backsides more than a few miles in any direction. What a waste of aviation fuel!!! well it's late and I'm a terrible typist so I bid you farewell, anything else i can help you with just let me know,.,.byeeeWeather in Australia during september is generrally nice but the seasons tend to be getting later these days, so you should probaby pack a few winter clothes to wear at night.Auckland is cold, sunny but cold.little bit on the chilly side depends where you are. It's pretty much snow season for the few places that have snow (NZ generally south island lotsa snow for the Southern hemisphere, Australia pretty much jindabyne and it's surrounds is it). It's cold but it's a rather comfortable cold generally about 11 degrees or so on average for Sydney Adelaide and Perth. Out in the desert it's still warm during the day but you don't want to get caught outside during the night as with a dry ground and no clouds the temperature drops quickly. Most of the north is still quite pleasant. The south half of Australia gets winter rains,... well that is when it does rain it's more often winter than summer so you might get a bit of rain. Sydney weather is known to vary quite dramatically; in the morning it'll be bright and sunny and during the afternoon in the space of five minutes a whole lot of clouds will build up and it'll rain and then stop just as quickly. Most of inland Australia rarely gets rain and when it does it tends to be flash floods, but they generally don't happen in September.September is our (Australia) Spring - it's just nice. In NZ it's slightly cooler, but still nice. It's about 20-25 degrees celcius. I'm not sure what that is in Farenheit??September is good weather, not too hot not too cold. Not sure about nz but i reckon it would be pretty similar
The wierdest holiday would be when I went overland from Singapore to Germany.. . And the wierdest form of trasportation between Ho Chih Minh City and Phnom Penh was via a motorcycle followed by a taxi crammed with 8 people!Labor Day...err because before I had to work that day in my different jobs before...3 months back packing around Europe on my own...awsome, was best thing ...and strangest holiday i have ever had.the one that i didn't go on yet managed to spend loads of money on!1st wierdest and best trekking to Everest Base Camp in Nepal. 2nd-Seeing the animals in Krugar Park in South Africa
Have you heard the saying "take half as many clothes and twice as much money"? It's really true.. . Take clothes that are comfortable and that you won't mind wearing once or twice (or three or four or five times). Take clothes that all go together (so you can mix and match outfits). Also, buy smaller bags to go in your suitcase to keep like items together (Eagle Creek makes some really awesome stuff, that you can get at REI among other stores). Or just get some big Ziploc bags for things like socks and underwear.. . I spent three weeks in Europe (Italy & England) earlier this month. I took three pairs of pants and about 8 shirts that went with all the pants. And 21 pairs of underwear, in case we didn't make it to a laundromat (and we decided we would rather sightsee than spend half a day in a laundromat)! Pack some fabric softener sheets in with your clothes to help them smell a little fresher--or pack a small bottle of Febreeze!. . Have a great trip!Pack earplugs in your carry on, try to be tired beforehand and if you are not going alone pop a sleeping pill after take off.  I've done that journey a few times, isn't pleasant.  Europe has the same kind of stuff in the shops as USA (assuming that's where your leaving from) so packing a lot of stuff like shampoo, shower gel isn't needed, take sample bottles to do you until you can shop.  If you're going to UK pm or email me, from there so would be happy to give advice.Pack light and roll everything.  You can always get what you need when you get there.
I used to live near Siena and I went to Arezzo a few times, and every time I went I would always just walk around and find something interesting. On a few select historical buildings in the centre of town I think that you can look around. Generally on a Sunday you can find a few coffee shops open. Good LuckArezzo's Church of St. Francis houses one of most notable early Renaissance frescoes, Piero della Francesca's Legend of the True Cross. The church was damaged in the '97 earthquake, but the $5 million restoration is supposed to be excellent.. . Not exactly antiques, but if you're up for shopping, about 20 minutes West is Montevarchi, the home of some of Italy's best designer outlets: Space (Prada, Jil Sander, Helmut Lang) and The Mall (Gucci, Loro Piana, Sergio Rossi, and many more). They're both about 5 minutes off the highway and not in areas you'd expect, but follow the small signs or ask at any gas station (chances are they'll point before you're halfway out of the car).. . Have a great trip!If you have a car you should visit Casentino, a small valley about 30 km north from Arezzo. There are a lot of small town to visit: Bibbiena, Poppi , Stia. If you could stay more than one day you should visit La Verna with a beautiful monastery were S. Francesco lived, Camaldoli with his “eremo” and woods, a very special place for the nature. There are also some castles like Poppi and Romena (with an ancient romanic church).
Was just there over Memorial Day...In the Sea Pines area there is South Beach with the Salty Dog (inside and outside bars, restaurant, sight seeing boat trips, etc) and Harbour Town (more inside and outside bars, restaurants, sight seeing trips, etc.).  There are also alot of bars at Coligny Plaza with live music most nights...lots of different kinds of bands in the different bars/restaurants....anything from rock to folk to reggae to Elvis impersonator...Probably my favorite restaurant is Marley's Island Grille ...kind of like a Bahama Breeze...maybe nicer....good steaks and seafood...GOLF and lots of other stuff: http://tinyurl.com/euadrHello, the best place to start is always the local chamber of commerce! They usually have a lot of stuff on the area and are a great resource! I have the link for the Hilton Head Chamber of commerce that might help you out! I hope you have a wonderful trip!
I know that it is really part of Israel and one day the Jews will rule there.  It is land stolen from the Jews.. The President is totally corrupt, he is a liar and not at all to be trusted.  He allows and probably even encourages terrorism.  . He hides terrorists and then says he doesent know where they are.  He most likely has all the weapons of mass destruction from Saddam Hussain, hiden away somewhere.. Dreadful regime there, women are treated as second rate as it is a Muslim country.  Men are allowed to beat ther wives as that is what it says in the quran.. Beautiful place though, but that is what God made.Man has made it an awful place.its very poor and theres no mc'donaldsi have an office there... thanks for the 2 pts.Near Jordan, Iraq, Turkey, Lebanon.. Nice country, full of fresh and nice fruits, has a long beach on the middeteranean.Name. The name Syria comes from the ancient Greek name for the land of Aram at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea between Egypt and Arabia to the south and Cilicia to the north, stretching inland to include Mesopotamia, and having an uncertain border to the northeast that Pliny the Elder describes as including from west to east Commagene, Sophene, and Adiabene, "formerly known as Assyria" (N.H. 5.66). By Pliny's time, however, this larger Syria had been divided into a number of provinces under the Roman Empire (but politically independent from each other): Judaea (or "Judea" and later renamed Palestine in AD 135—the region corresponding to the modern states of Israel and Jordan and the Palestinian territories) in the extreme southwest, Phoenicia corresponding to Lebanon, with Damascena to the inland side of Phoenicia, Coele-Syria (or "Hollow Syria") south of the Eleutheris river, and Mesopotamia.. . [edit]. History.  . Map of SyriaMain article: History of Syria . Archaeologists have demonstrated that Syria was the center of one of the most ancient civilizations on earth. Around the excavated city of Ebla in north-eastern Syria, discovered in 1975, a great Semitic empire spread from the Red Sea north to Turkey and east to Mesopotamia from 2500 to 2400 B.C. Scholars believe the language of Ebla to be the oldest Semitic language. Other notable cities excavated include Mari, Ugarit and Dura Europos.. . Syria was occupied successively by Canaanites, Hebrews, Arameans, Assyrians, Babylonians, Persians, Greeks, Armenians, Romans, Nabataeans, Byzantines, Arabs, and, in part, Crusaders before finally coming under the control of the Ottoman Turks. Syria is significant in the history of Christianity; Paul was converted on the Road to Damascus and established the first organized Christian Church at Antioch in ancient Syria (now in Turkey), from which he left on many of his missionary journeys.. . Damascus, a city that has been inhabited as early as 8,000 to 10,000 BC, is known to be one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world (along with Varanasi, Aleppo and Jericho). It came under Muslim rule in A.D. 636. Immediately thereafter, the city's power and prestige reached its peak, and it became the capital of the Umayyad Empire, which extended from Spain to the borders of Central Asia from A.D. 661 to A.D. 750, when the Abbasid caliphate was established at Baghdad, Iraq.. . Damascus became a provincial capital of the Mameluke Empire around 1260. It was largely destroyed in 1400 by Tamerlane, the Mongol conqueror, who removed many of its craftsmen to Samarkand. Rebuilt, it continued to serve as a capital until 1516. In 1517, it fell under Ottoman rule. The Ottomans remained for the next 400 years, except for a brief occupation by Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt from 1832 to 1840.. . [edit]. French occupation.  . The National Bloc signing the Franco-Syrian Treaty of Independence in Paris in 1936. From left to right: Saadallah al-Jabiri, Jamil Mardam Bey, Hashim al-Atassi (signing), and French Prime Minister L?on Blum.Ottoman control ended when the forces of the Arab revolt entered Damascus in 1918 towards the end of the First World War. An independent Arab Kingdom of Syria was established under King Faisal of the Hashemite family, who later became King of Iraq. However, his rule over Syria ended in July 1920 when French forces entered Syria to impose their League of Nations mandate. Following the Battle of Maysalun of 23 July between the Syrian army under Yusuf al-Azmeh and the French, the French army entered Damascus and Faisal was exiled. The period of the Mandate was marked by increasing nationalist sentiment and a number of brutally repressed revolts, but also by infrastructural modernisation and economic development.. . With the fall of France in 1940, Syria came under the control of the Vichy Government until the United Kingdom and Free French occupied the country in July 1941. Continwhat ever u need to know but the Q is what do u want 2 know about Syria ?syria is in the middle east by jordan and lebanon. its an awesome country. the "el 7amediyeh" is soo much fun and u can find a lot of nice things to buy. people r nice, weather is decent, food is real good!
Giving a shout out.  I say hawler hawler hawler. lolits like a brawler, shot caller...It's a little niche in a mountainside, almost a canyon, not quite.  Like when someone says "I live in Butcher Hawler", over yonder.could be a vehicle to tow something with, as in southern speak.
The "interstate" designation is given to highways and freeways that are mostly funded by the federal government's money (as opposed to state built and operated highways and freeways). It has nothing to do with whether they actually go to other states or not.. . After all, the "branch" interstates (I-110, I-405, I-280, etc.) in major urban areas almost never extends beyond their state of origin.I lived in Hawaii for 17 years.  I watched the politics for just as long.  Hawaii's congressmen are famous for one role:  bringing home the bacon.  It's one reason they are almost always Democrats.  They are not afraid of lots of spending and taxes because the money flow is almost always in Hawaii's direction.  Freeways are big ticket projects that create jobs for the unionized workers.  The story of the H3 freeway (Prince Likelike [pronounced leekay leekay] highway) is additionally one of the military wanting to have a quick route from Pearl Harbor and Hickam Air base to Kaneohe Marine base at Mokapu (near Kailua) through the Ko'olau mountain range.In case you have to report which road you drove off the edge of into the Pacific......That's funny! I didn't know there were any, but if there are it is for military transport. I'm from Alaska and we don't have any interstates there!National System of Interstate highways are assigned a special level of federal funding,  To get the money beyond what the military contributed. . http://www.hawaiihighways.com/Interstate-ends.htmlwhy are you an idiot?Because  the highways are federally funded. When we visited Oahu two yrs ago, we kiddingly questioned that also. More importantly  = I live on a state highway and the state says they own the 10 feet from the street into my yard. So - why do I have to mow it? I also have a town-owned sidewalk which goes across my property and the town expects me to shovel it in winter. Go figure.you can say anything you want about Hawaii's interstates, but get stuck on one of them during rush hour with a couple of accidents,on your way to waikele, and you may as well be on the I-10 in L.A. same thing, just less smog.It is just a term. No one really refers to them as interstate highways anyways. We just call them; H-1, H-2, or H-3.TECHNICALLY THEY ARE NOT INTERSTATES - they do do not run through multiple states and are labeled H-1, H-2, H-3. they are funded by the same federal money that funds the Interstates back ont he mainland, so the signs look similar but are "H" instead of "I"
Once the human male reaches middle age something happens to their genetic makeup making them dress that way. It has something to do with camouflage and the herding instinct. If they all look the same there is less chance of one of them being picked off by a pushy salesperson or the IRS.. . Also because of the chemical imbalance in the brain caused be the genes mutating it makes them think they look cool.because apart from messing with the native Americans they missed out on colonialism and now they want to live out the fantasy?its obvious, there fags !I actually had to laugh at the images that your question conjured for me. Thinking back on most of the men in my life, there were several parts of their anatomies that rarely, if ever, saw daylight; except during bathing, or at bed time. Particularly, their feet. . . As children, boys will go barefoot as often as possible, subjecting their feet to broken glass, splinters, the errant fish hook, bug bites and stings, etc. But, as adults, memories of those past injuries to their tender well-protected peds, is not something they wish to repeat. Unfortunately, not (all) memories are long-termed.  While lured to sunny, exotic locals, many a fair-complected American man of European heritage has commonly, and unwittingly, sacrificed that virginal creamy flesh to the broiling rays of the sun.. So, one answer to your question is this: Enduring a severe sunburn, especially to the tops of your feet, vs. wearing comfortable, but ugly socks with sandals? Ugly comfort will win hands-down every time!  *Smile*Kumusta ka? now to answer your question,because they want to get a tan!! look around you in the Philippines,maganda filipinas with a nice brown skin,Filipinos with a dark color and then you have the Caucasians with their pale,pasty skin.they want to get a tan so when they go back to USA,they can tell their friends,look at me,I have a tan. its not just in Manila,Iloilo,San Jose,etc. our beautiful homeland,our home, has to be disgraced by these people. simple reason,tan.Perhaps they've got ugly feet and are afraid to show it.  They must be either from the Midwestern US or from the Deep South and therefore know nothing about what goes with what when going to such far-off places like the Philippines.  Us west-coasters ALWAYS love to show off our feet since we go to the beach all the time.The have switched from Argyle socks to plain white.  They're improving!ppl..just don't be too hard on this girl.. .maybe she didn't observe other nationalities around, maybe she thinks all of them are americans, which in the fact might be Australians, Canadian, English, etc.. not only the Tourists insists on wearing that. most .. . If you are in US or Canada, they wear it on summer or even winter because they feel comfortable or other nationalities... what bothers her is they are old and fat,  that is the issue, not what they are wearing... . .Why not ? Im a young, male, Filipino and I love to wear that too..very comfortable..looks cool..lol, even here in Syria i see the same thing, but I don't think they look ugly.bec. they think it is COOOOOOOOOOL.When we get our passports we also get issued the American Tourist mandatory attire...in fact we get two weeks wardrobe as basic operational equipmentDon't knock it till you try it. It could be the most comfortable thing in the world... going to the beach wearing socks... yeah, that's probably it.Because they are typical middle aged, male, American tourists . If not, how on earth can you tell them apart?Camouflage on the beach.why do people insist on asking stupid questions, generalizing and insulting the cloathing habits of entire subsections of the population?. . I guess we'll never know!it's comfortable and does not have to conform to current fashion. classic like tuxedos.Because they are of an age that allows them to not worry about causing offense to bright young things who are themselves the epitome of good taste and visual acuity!. Apart from which, they too enjoy being so cool in their own way.. Don't let it worry you, you will get there one day!they don't "insist" on wearing it, they simply PREFER it. can't people have their own preferences now?. . and not all white, male, middle-age foreign guy you see are americans.Because they prefer to look ugly.Hey, they are in a Tropical Country and I rather want to see them in that funny yet comfy attire than see them wearing a coat and tie.They're not just in Manila, they're everywhere!  And it's not just Americans either!!!I am from the uk and have lived in Cebu for two years.I agree with you entirely.Shorts are fine,but socks with shorts and sandals are definate no-no and look ridiculous.What I dislike are the westerners who sit at malls "posing",thinking they are god's gift.I also detest the tourists that treat locals badly,are rude and think being foreign gives them special rights.By the way,I am 183cm(6 feet)and 83kg(182lbs)but I do wear shorts..no socks!don't bother yourself, in manila it is a humid city maybe they are not accustomed to the heat , besides not only americans even local do thatwell i hope i am not included in the list of ugliest things in Manila. Mabuhay!cuz they are on vacation and for a short time dont have to give a damn what they wear
You can't.  Unless you have someone with a credit card rent one for you.  Most places require you to be at least 25 years of age, too.There are a few places that will do it with a deposit.  I found that certain 'used' car dealers do them like this.. I am often in the same boat- so this is they way I go..Go to the nearest travel agent. There are car companies that based on age and cash deposits will rent.Rent it from a friend.. I don't think it is possible.. In fact you even have a problem if you only have a debit card.enterprise will do it if you have a check card but they take a $500.00 deposit, you get it back with no problems when you return the car.
Your mom must know a little something about birds, bees, and how to raise a child to be a responsible adult.  You should be impressed and vow that one day you'll make the same kinds of important decisions for your own child when they come to you with 'honey' plans.Mum has the last say unless you're 18+.try to make it clear u r responsible enouf and u will take care of your self while u wit him. and tell her dis is yor moment for her to trust u and ull b allright.
It just depends on what the airline does. Some airlines will continue to fly. Others will not. You should purchase trip protection that will cover you in case of airline bankruptcy.depens on the airline policy...Your ticket will be honored.  At the very least it will be sold to and honored by another airline.That is like saying, what if you bought a car, and the dealership went out of business, and you had some problems with the car.  You were still under warranty, but the company is no longer in operation.  Can you get your car fixed?   No!. . Now you said, the company has just started the process of bankruptcy, so if this is the case, see if you can get a refund on it.  If they won't, take them to court before the business is legally bankrupt.
I think motorcycle would be good if you knew how to ride. Equip it with saddle bags and use a backpack for a back rests. Easy on the gas costs. Wear rain gear if needed. You are on your own and beholden to no one and feel the wind in your face. It gives you a true sense of freedom. Easy to find parking spots and plenty of places now days if you need repairs. FEEL THE ADVENTURE!!!well, u need money to buy tickets and other expenses. first arrange money.. cheersPut an ad in a newspaper looking for a ride!Check to see if anyone is looking for a driver or companion for a trip.Hitchhike but you'd have to be careful!Amtrak or Greyhound has good deals!Become a carny for the summer or a roadie! HAPPY TRAILS!rafts are cheapWhat country are you traveling from? That would help to narrow things down.Get your CDL so you can drive those 18 wheelers all over the U.S.  I knew people who drive for a living.  You are not home a lot - you are on the road.  One guy drives those things that carry cars on them. Beyond that,  if you have a reliable van in good shape and can afford to take your trip, go for it.Be a courier for a major shipping company like Federal Express or DHL.  I believe that they will pay your roundtrip airfare; however, you won't be permitted to bring luggage since you will be using your space/weight allotment for the package that you would be transporting.. . Just make sure that the courier company is legitimate and that you know what's in the package.You should either check listings for internships offered through Thoroughbred Horse Farms and apply. They will help you when you call the numbers listed to know what to do, you will have a job while in the states and many offer housing also. OR...join a Garden Club. These offer trips seasonally and the airfare, etc. is lower because a "group" is usually travelling together.Don't know where you are coming from, but maybe you could get a job on a cruise ship or even a freighter.
Posada is like an Inn.  A "casa particular" means you are renting a room at someone's private home.  It's usually cheaper to stay at a "casa particular" than a posada depending on the country you are travelling to.  But then again, you loose some of your privacy.a posada is a guest house, something like a bed and breakfast... casa particular is a private home, a house where a family lives and you'll be staying in a bedroom with no privacy at all, with people asking you all kind of questions, wondering where you've been and where are you going... I suggest that if you stay at a casa particular you should put locks in your luggage
id have to say waterdry bar is no water or Ice Fridge and a wet bar has sink (water, ice)Dry bar has no Alcohol wet has.A dry bar has no water hook-ups, so you need an ice bucket to make drinks (alcoholic or otherwise) and you have to carry your dirty glasses somewhere to get them clean. A wet bar has water hook-ups, so you can have a sink, ice maker, and a dishwasher. Again, you can serve any kind of beverage, alcoholic, or not. Hope this helps.a wet bar is a small bar equipped with a sink in a house or hotel room, used for mixing alcoholic drinks. sorry, but i have no idea what a dry bar is.a dry bar doesn't have running water.. a wet bar does... such as a sink and fawcet.. it has NOTHING to do with whether you have alcohol or not
1. go buy some asphalt patch and get to work. 2. depending on the owner of the road, complain to the appropriate agency, state road - dept of transportation, city or county road - city or county engineering/capital improvements/public works.  good luckIf there is a spot in the road that you are concerned about depending on where it is here are the people to complain to.... . I-15 or any other interstate talk to udot I think it is. any residential road talk to your city council or someone that works for the city.. . When you call them pester them as much as you like and they take care of the problem.You think the roads there are bad?  Go back east.
You dont have to make any phone calls.  Just go directly to the TSA's website, they tell the airlines what is acceptable and it constantly changes.You can find a list on the web page for the airport or the individual airlinesYour local airport will always have a list.try checking www.tsa.gov/public, that's the transport safety agency, and they even tell you what kind of shoes you can wear as not to be delayed in the security checkpointsusually if you go to your carrier's web site there should be a section called "travel information" or something like that for example American Airlines here is the link to what is allowed/not allowed: http://www.aa.com/content/travelInformation/baggage/restrictedArticles.jhtml;jsessionid=WQ4HJ0DOFRDTLEAJJM5U1DUQBFFTWVMD?anchorEvent=false. It's basically the same for almost every airlineCheck with the airline that you are flying or your local airport.well u should definately go on the website of the airline you are flying with they always tell u wat u can and cant bring but dont be scared to fly its really funcall the airport.  They would for surely be able to tell you.
Go on line to Ulster bus.. . They run coaches from the various locations within the UK, your ferry will be from Stranraer into Belfast (approx 1.5 - 2 hours depending on weather).. . If you get a train, then it's all the way up to Glasgow, change at Central station and then head down the Aryshire coast to Stranraer.. . Best option get on line to easyjet.that is sooooooooooo funny, a floating bus i hope!!! lolFind a bus that floats.Make sure you wear a lifejacket if you do not want to ride any other means of transportationLast time I did this was Larne to Caernryan by Seacat inbetween, but it is possible although a very long tiring journey.  See a travel agent or check with Ulsterbus who may know who runs this service.If by London you mean England and by Belfast, you mean Northern Ireland...that would be difficult. Though they are both in the United Kingdom, a bus would be impossible. Maybe and airbus.u cant. theres the little problem of the sea being in the way
Dead Sea: because  no fish or  aquatic organisms can live in it.. . Black Sea: not clear why, maybe because of the dark color of the water, or for the  Compass direction for "North" would be the black color on the compass.. . Red Sea:  not clear why its called "Red Sea"... maybe  "Red", is the Compass direction for "South" or a mistranslation for "Sea of Reeds"The dead sea is called that because it is sooo salty that no fish or macroscopic aquatic organisms can live in it.dead sea is called dead sea because of lack of oxygen due to high salt content.dead sea contains way to much salt for any life to live in the sea or near by it.younger i saw a picture of pillars of salt floating on huge bases.picture an iceberg made of salt.the other seas i dont know of but great question,Dead Sea cuz there's no life in it cuz it's too salty (I went there), Red Sea cuz it turn to blood in Biblical times and Black Sea cuz they ran out of names.
Long ago, there were a lot of street 'Apple vendors' in the depression era. Also, there was a popular song in New York in the 1930's called "Big Apple".There are actually several answers (nothing about New York . City is simple, after all). All are explained below, with the last . word going, appropriately enough, to SNYCH’s own Joe Zito, . one of this burg’s finest purveyors of high-quality urban history. . A veteran both of New York City’s inimitable press corps and its . police department, Joe—happily for us—is able to provide . authoritative first-hand testimony on this topic. Read on!. . Various accounts have traced the “Big Apple” expression to . Depression-Era sidewalk apple vendors, a Harlem night . club, and a popular 1930s dance known as the “Big Apple.” . One fanciful version even links the name with a notorious . 19th-century procuress!. . In fact, it was the jazz musicians of the 1930s and ‘40s who put . the phrase into more or less general circulation. If a jazzman . circa 1940 told you he had a gig in the “Big Apple,” you knew . he had an engagement to play in the most coveted venue of all, . Manhattan, where the audience was the biggest, hippest, and . most appreciative in the country.. . The older generation of jazzmen specifically credit Fletcher . Henderson, one of the greatest of the early Big Band leaders . and arrangers, with popularizing it, but such things are probably . impossible to document. Be that as it may, the ultimate source . actually was not the jazz world, but the racetrack.. . As Damon Runyon (among many others) cheerfully pointed out, . New York in those days offered a betting man a lot of places to . go broke. There were no fewer than four major tracks nearby, . and it required no fewer than three racing journals to cover . such a lively scene—The Daily Racing Form (which still . survives on newsstands today) and The Running Horse and . The New York Morning Telegraph (which do not)—and the . ultimate credit for marrying New York to its durable catchphrase . goes to columnist John J. FitzGerald, who wrote for the . Telegraph for over 20 years.. . Despite its turf-related origins, by the 1930s and ’40s, the . phrase had become firmly linked to the city’s jazz scene. “Big . Apple” was the name both of a popular night club at West 135th . Street and Seventh Avenue in Harlem and a jitterbug-style . group dance that originated in the South, became a huge . phenomenon at Harlem’s great Savoy Ballroom and rapidly . spread across the country. (Neat cultural footnote: the great . African-American cinema pioneer Oscar Micheaux liked to . use the Big Apple as a venue for occasional screenings of his . latest feature film or documentary.). . A film short called The Big Apple came out in 1938, with an all-. Black cast featuring Herbert “Whitey” White’s Lindy Hoppers, . Harlem’s top ballroom dancers in the Swing Era. In a book . published the same year, bandleader Cab Calloway used the . phrase "Big Apple" to mean "the big town, the main stem, . Harlem." Anyone who loved the city would have readily agreed . with Jack FitzGerald: “There's only one Big Apple. That's New . York.". . The term had grown stale and was in fact generally forgotten by . the 1970s. Then Charles Gillett, head of the New York . Convention & Visitors Bureau, got the idea of reviving it. . The agency was desperately trying to attract tourists to the . town Mayor John Lindsay had dubbed “Fun City,” but which . had become better-known for its blackouts, strikes, street crime . and occasional riots. What could be a more wholesome symbol . of renewal than a plump red apple?. . The city's industrial-strength “I ? NY” campaign was launched . toward the end of the Lindsay administration in 1971, complete . with a cheerful Big Apple logo in innumerable forms (lapel pins, . buttons, bumper stickers, refrigerator magnets, shopping bags, . ashtrays, ties, tie tacks, “Big Apple” T-shirts, etc.).. . Apparently Gillett was on to something, because at this writing, . over 35 years later, the campaign because of the big ball that falls on new years eve. and by the way New York City is better known as the city that never sleeps!cos its full of yanks rotten to the coreApparently, Black stable hands during the teens and 1920's who worked the race tracks thought going to the New York race tracks were the ultimate prize, the best treat.. . Apples, at least in Latin America, are an exotic treat.  They once were here in the US too.  Akin to kiwi fruit and mangoes--exotic, special, like mango salsa for Asian fusion dishes.... . Back to the answer, the term moved into the music scene in New York, back when jazz and rock and roll (which means having sex) was almost exclusively the domain of Black musicians.. . From there the New York tabloids, which have always been heavy into entertainment and underworld slang, brought the term into common usage to refer to New York City.Because inside, it's really rotten and full of worms.Cos David Hutch is a dweebthey grow the biggest applesSee my source for an article about it :)If you leave in the sun too long it goes all mushy and starts to stink.
FedEx, must be unloaded in a locked case and declared a firearm, also get the full insurance.  I just flew on southwest and had a firearm as a declared peace of luggage, went threw all the steps they require, I would recheck with your airlines.or you can find out if there is a FFL where you are going to. as long as there is not a transfer of ownership you can ship UPS, and have it returned to your home.Oh, good grief. Can't you leave the last frontier alone?Unloaded
press startgive it a wash then insert the batteries and away you goooooooooJust go to "start"..."AllPrograms" and click on the new program. . Good Luck
Also, check at the university's English department.  They may offer tips as well.Go to the closest Embassy or Consulate - Canadian, British, Austrailian, etc.  You do not necessarily have to ask for the exact group you are looking for, but you will find several leads - other groups and individuals that will put you in the direction you want to go.  Maybe even the US consulate can help if you ask the question right.
wow man,you really have an uphill battle....as a city mgr know what takes place....you have to prove a murder that didn t happen...i mean stats circulation system and Why is it more cost effective to the city to go your way...damn good luck...i mean you really have to show monster reasons why they shouldNow that would depend a lot on what city you're in. If it's Portland, try lookinng on the Tri-Met websitetry walkingWhat city are you in? There are a lot of cities that have buses that run on MLK.With another bus
We went on a cruise that included Panama in October.  We took a train ride from coast to coast and toured the locks.  The weather was great, maybe just a little on the hot side.Temperatures are in degrees Fahrenheit.. Average maximum temperature for October is 86.2.. Average minimum temperature for October is 75.9.. The mean temperature for October is 80.8 with a standard deviation of 1.8.
first.. that is in hindi.. . . in english it pretty much it means . she gave you ten excuses and stole your heartThis is a name of an Indian movie.. Dus - Ten (10). Bahaane - Not reasonable 'reasons'. Karke - Done . Laygaye -Taken or stolen. Dil - Heart. . The complete meaning of the sentence is . ' Giving ten not so reasonable reasons he/she has stolen the heartFirst of all it is Hindi....... . And it simply means that they took away your heart just without saying anything......!!!. Hope you hope you have got it...!who?this means that she took ur heart away for nothing....just like that....:)it simply means............. . VAAAT LAGA DI........... BAND BAJA DI..................... .........U ARE DEAD............If you mean you want a simpler way to phrase it in Hindi, its something like 've mere dil laygaye he'. In English it would be 'She stole my heart just like that'I have no idea what is that... But i do know few words . . Dus = Friend (although it should be doost). Dil = Heart. Laygaye = Touching or getting stuck (Not sure though). Bahaane or bahani = Made or making or without (probably). Karke or karki = Whose (probably). . I think total meaning is "who would you give your heart to besides your friend" (or something like that.. I don't speak hindi as you can tell)it an indian song in hindi . it is a very cool song it mean u have given ur heart to a person whom u love.it is hindi
Hot and humid. You might want to stay indoor all the time. That's why cruise lines industry are more happening in the North area. . On the other hand, winter is awesome.In July, the average high is 90oF.  The average low is 75oF.  Average precip is 6.7 inches.. . It is very hot and humid, but bearable at night.  It's doable as long as you have a car with nice AC.i live in Miami and its REALLY hot in the summer and humid :( . BUT its great for the beach :)humid....... i dont know why old people want to die there?Hot, very humid, most likely rainy in the afternoon and it does NOT cool off at night.Warm nights. Hot days. Thunderstorms at 4:00 pm sharp. Everyday.I live in Florida, and it gets really hot here during the summer months - about the 90s or low 100s during the hottest days. It's 91 degrees right now, and I have the ceiling fan going.  It gets cooler in the Fall though, which the weather is a bit more comfortable. :)July is hot. especially in Ft. Lauderdale. Tempatures there right now are 85-90 degrees during the day and humid. You need the a/c on during the Summer months. You best bet is to go Spring or Fall. I was there in April of this year and it was warm. It wasn't humid at that time of year. I have been to FL plenty of times in July-Aug. and I tell you what...it's hot ! You will need sunscreen too.Yes, it's VERY muggy now. Summer is MISERABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!two words HOT and HUMIDIt is VERY humid this time of year. Right now, it's 10:30am and already 86 degrees out. If you're gonna be down here during July make sure you do a lot of outdoor activities that involve water!hot, humid, rain every day in the afternoon like clockworkhate to tell you but how about 90 degrees plus with close to 100 percent humidity? honestly, though, it stays that way through november, sometimes later. just come on down and stay on the beach under an umbrella with a cool drink. breeze off the ocean helps. i just spent a few days down in the keys and i just stayed wet the whole time (snorkeling) and at night the heat and humidity feels good off the ocean. just watch for the hurricanes. lolPleasant in the Morning - Hot and Humid by afternoon - Rain by Mid afternoon - Cools off a little - Pleasent breezy sunsetsTwo words---HOT and HUMID
Try National Express.  They would get you to Southampton for around £23, then you would have to get the ferry over to Wight and arrange your transport over there to wherever you wish to go to.  Or maybe your local travel agent can give you more detailed information.Walk until your hat floats off and then start swimming.
The flags are very similar but not identical - NZ doesn't have the Federation star in bottom left hand corner, and on NZ's flag the stars of the Southern Cross are filled with red while Australia's are plain white. Also, Australia uses all 5 stars of the Southern Cross while NZ only uses the main 4 stars.. It would be great if both countries got truly individual flagsAs mentioned above, they are different flags. However I think it is great that you asked this question, because it does illustrate that the flags are very similar.. . New Zealand is currently having some debate about whether or not they should change the flag, but for the most part people don't seem too sure.. . Tha fact that we get confused is funny, even famous Australian and New Zealanders have identified the wrong flag on national television as being theirs. . Oh to be individual huh?It's slightly different. Both have the Union Jack from our England heritage, but I guess the stars have the same meaning for both of us... sort of. ;)They both have a Union Jack for Britain and they are both blue, but thats it, they are not the same.they don't.They don't they look the same but there not
Try Yahoo Maps.  It gives driving directions between any two addresses in the U.S.Take Highway 12 into the Twin Cities, catch I-94.. I-94 to Madison. SE on I-90 to Chicago.. South on I-290 until I-355. South on I-355; Exit at Roosevelt Road. East on Roosevelt. South on Highland. East on 22nd Street. . The TownePlace Suite nearest Chicago is in Lombard.. 455 East 22nd Street, Lombardwww.mapquest.com  Put in your address for Delano MN and the address for TownePlace in Chicago and it will map it out for you.
Even old New York was once New Amsterdam.. Why they changed it, I can't say.. (People just like it better that way.). . Anyway, York is a city in England, and New York is on the New World, man! Like, you know, New Hampshire.Origianally, New York was called New Amsterdam becuase it was originally settled by the Dutch. Years later the British took control and renamed it New York after York in northern England.New comes from the fact that people came from York and decided to name the new land New York...It is the same with New Hampshire, New Mexico and New Jersey. It is in a 7th grade history book. I remember reading it.York is a city in northern England.  Thus, New York is newer than the original York.. . Same holds true for New Jersey, New Mexico, etc.. . Here are name origins of the other states:. http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0854966.htmlCause it was named after the English city of York.Originally the original Dutch settlers named it"New Amsterdam".Because it is still NEW to most of us. Even not all the americans ever been there. So, it is still NEW.. . May be when the British came to America a couple of hundreds years ago, this place resemble a place called York in northern England...They missed home and thus they called it "NEW" York.. Make sense ?
In your dreams!  See if you can find a fan club or website and send him a letter or e-mail.  Other than that it, will really be in your dreams.either become famous or get a reality check
u may put it in this way.............. "what is not there to do in bangalore???". . yup, it is  one of the safest places.......! if u r careful enough, u'll be safe.....of course it is! and no youre not gonna get any disease if you've been takin your shots. but , if you're asthmatic, its probably not the best place.the main places of interest are cubbon park, lalbagh, and mg road. those are the usual places. but, if u want, you can check out more offbeat places. the safest way for u to sightsee is to use the governments tourism services.. check out this website: www.karnatakatourism.org. hope you enjoy!oh, another thing. bangalore is one of the places that you can visit all year round so not much trouble there. enjoy! oh ,also, the nightlife is not so bad.youll not have any trouble because the people are very helpful an dthe nightlife is not so bad. the best thing is there are people from all over the world here,so youll probably make a lot of friends.
Houston is a big city with an identidy crisis. It is the 4th largest city in the US but has nothing unique about it. Other than cowboy boots, there is nothing special about it. They're trying to be something they aren't because they don't know what they are.like seriously i grew up here and i just think that the area has gotten to big for its britches so houstonians have taken on this high flutin attitude like they own texas and beyond...... agreed? either that or we are mostly hicks hoping to sound smarter lolPeople in Houston don't act like they're from Cali.  In fact, most people in Houston don't care for Californians.  Maybe you are like hanging out with like highschool girls or something.first of all, not everyone in Houston is from Houston, I moved here 25 years ago from Oregon and sometimes a little west coast surfer still comes out in my speech, my boss came here from New York 17 years ago and still has a very thick accent. This is a huge city,you will meet people from all over the country, all over the world I should say, you're going to hear every type of accent and dialect there is (if you listen real hard you might even hear a Texas accent), So get out of the mall and give the city a chance, you might just like it..... True story, several years ago while visiting a friend in Redondo Beach(LA) I had the opportunity to visit a country/western nightclub, I was quite amused at the number of CALIFORNIANS trying to act like TEXANS, It works both ways.you know what...houstonians act and sound like houstonians...in every question you post,  you criticized the people of houston as trying to act like the rest of the world...if you heard someone who was trying to act like a new yorker maybe it was because they came from new york...same with people who talk like they're from cali...you need to stop acting like houston is desperately trying to act like other cities...the only thing we're concern of is being texanYeah at times you're going to come in contact with someone that's seems a little on the fakish side(Annoying as Hell), but hey that's ANYWHERE. There are a ton of people that live in Houston that are from California, New York, Philly,etc. and that have parents that are from such locations.... such as mine and sometimes the tones and pronounciations might mix... cuz it happens with me. So we're not trying to be anything other than ourselves in this HUGE city. And if someone wants to walk around in an Abercrombie pull over with some flip flops and talk like a "Californian" that's them. What does it matter anyway?.. as long as they're not messin with me. I really wouldn't care.Houstonians couldn't care less about california and neither does anyone else. get a life.A great portion of the population in Houston isn't even from Texas.  You mix all sorts of accents together and who knows what you'll hear from time to time.  Walk through any parking lot and start counting the out of state license plates, maybe what you overhear is a true accent from wherever those people are from.  Cause I sure don't know how you can "look" at someone and know where they're from, I guess I'm just not gifted that way.OK this is getting ridiculous...  first new york now cali..... . OK.. first Houston is a huge city... so lots of people are from lots of different places.  You will run into New Yorkers, Bostonians, Chigacoite's , Californians, etc becuase it is a big city, and people could be from anywhere.  Does the "city" as a whole try to sound like x y or z.  NO.  . . People sound or act like x y or z for many reasons, like my college roomate who went to Texas A&M was from Boston and he still sound like a Bostonian sometimes even though he has been in Texas for 15 years now, and calls Houston his home. . . If anything Houston's dialact is sprinkled with spanish sounds, words, and dialect due to the large hispanic population.  But really any large city like Houston will be such a mix of people that any generalizations about people or their speech habits are just not going to be accurate.well im from houston and No no one tries to act like their from california aint nothin so good abt. cali. we have our own personality. so u you are just trippin wit yaself like the other girl said GET A LIFE!hehe..yeah, I can just hear someone with a texas or southern accent saying that! And yeah, I have a heavy Okie accent, so I would sound horrible, like seriously, dude! Way out, man!
Depending on your skills you may want to check with ResortQuest, Castle Resorts, Dollar Car Rentals, Avis.  Any of the big travel related companies.There are plenty of office jobs if you have the skills, most will be in Honolulu. Look online at the Honolulu Advertiser, it is one of the newspapers and it has a job section.. Good luck and Alohait depends on what you can do and what not, its a matter of your skills, but most of all, start looking, and putting yourself out there, teeheeHave you thought of cleaning themHonolulu has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country right now. The trouble is, finding a place you can afford to live on an office job salary. Make sure you check out the housing ads, too. You may think you're only finding the luxury rentals section, but no, those are the regular places...
I think by "carrying capacity" you mean the infrastructure or facilities at a tourist destination to cater/handle the visitors.. . Since your question relates to back waters, Kerala, India; there appears to be no authentic measurement, yardsticks or even data for established facilities at any particular destination. Most of the facilities are under un-organised sector and it is not measurable as of now.. . To find multi-locations, you need to get to other methods and to avoid dis-appointment or inconvenience you may book in advance for your trip.huh? a destination doesn't have a carrying capacity.. lol
really depends on ur dentination ... is it worth it to fly there for FREE? ...Become a flight attendant or have someone buy you a ticketby ballooning. just get permission to be in ghana and it'll be freeWings.~~~ find a fairy~~u can work for the airport for a short peirod of time then quitgrow featherssneak onto the plane and go into a storage compartmentjoin a mile high club and earn enough sky milesBuy a plane.mileagetry a big boxYou don't!Become a star athlete or actor, and perhaps sponsers will fly you there.grab a couple of cans of redbull it gives you wings...there you go a free flight..
Because there NWO RED and we are NWO WHITE.. . Look at the stars.....The girl hit the nail in the head. Whats good for America is poison for Russia.. The US is built upon the belief that a strong central government is the worst thing that could happen. Based on their personal experience. That is why america is unique, not the democrazy or bill of rights part because they basically copied what the french wrote.. You may chose to argue that if russia has a strong central govt then people are being foced to do some things. True. However, no matter how you cut it, the people that occupy Eurasia will always be there and they MUST find a way to coexist (with minimal crime) if instead you created 50 new countries the WWIII truly would be a possibility. This is why politically Russia will always be diffrent then the US.. Culturally. Russians have a common history that bonds them all the way to Ghengis Khan and the prince of Moscow. Unlike in the US where everyones path is different and all they share is a common vision/future, in Russia everyone is tied to Eurasia and what it has experienced. . Ethnically. Russia has many different groups, but they have coexisted for hundreds of years so that cultures have overlapped and a "christian" russian will actually have many habits/custums similar to his "muslim" or "gypsy" or "tartar" or "asian" neighbor.. In addtion Russia is and always will be a strong agrarian nation and that will never change because if they do the world will start to starve.. In terms of educational standards and achievements, you have but to look in a history book and you will find the obvious answer.. But the MAIN difference between YOU and russians is that they can look at another group and ACCEPT them and their ideas/beliefs/wishes regardless of how different it may be. They do this naturally because by virtue of being a russian you are raised to accept different people and ideas and recognize them as valid. YOU just looked at someone else and said, hey thats not the way to do it! why? because YOU don't do it?. . I will end saying this....in another 10 years when american has pissed everyone off and China is buying up all existing oil. We will then see how advanced YOU are when you are forced to use bycicles and horses as modes of transportation. . Don't worry, the Russians at least won't make fun of youWhat the hell do you mean assbackwards? I'm willing to bet youve never been there and you have no idea what youre talking about. You obviously just asked this question to stir some shit up. dumbfuck.i don't know. but i've met a few Russians  worth talking too. and rememberingThey got a McDonalds in Moscow - whats the problem??Corruption?Not to answer a question with a question but, have you ever considered that you are not only analyzing a country that is still only a few decades into a new type of government but also a country that has a completely different culture than you are familiar with? . When you look at a different country/culture you have to remember that they may have different religions, histories, and beliefs than you yourself. You may find Russians assbackwards, but I imagine a few of them might find you assbackwards.Russia may be backward comparing to US, Europe, Japan and a few Asian tiger economies, but is it still backyard when it is compared to Latin America, Middle East, or Africa, I don't think so, at the very least, Russia's education system has produced some of the world best engineers, Russia can put human into space, Russia has many billionaires, and Russian living standards are better than most REAL poor countries, is Russia far from realizing its full potential, absolutely, is Russia particularly backyard? Absolutely not, you know, US and EU citizens are not the whole world, there are billions of people who will be absolutely thrilled have they been asked to live in Russia.backwards? it's just different ..what's good for USA is deadly for Russia:)Communism for a lot of years left the average people with no money.Democracy is still new and needs time to develop.. . It doesn't happen overnight.Russia is not backward, though one may think so because of   its vast territory, low population level, harsh climate. But Canada or Alaska having the similar "problem".. Russia has rich culture, history, many great, famous people were born  here. Russian economy is growing with good speed.. Should we(russians) not to venture themselves into some "turbulence"     Russia may became a truly world leader along with US, Europe, China, Japan in the nearest future.
1 Hour; eastern vs central time.  10 PM in PA is 9 PM in Dallas.1 hour. it 10pm in PA, its 9pm in TX.Dallas is 1 hour behind PennsylvaniaThere is no time difference.  Both Dallas and Pennsylvania work on Easern Time Zones.one hour1 hours difference. central time vs. eastrn time ex.   11am pennsylvania 10 am dallas1 hour; PA is ET, Dallas is CT.ya 1 hour differnce1 hourwell right now im in a n it is 1:34 so i dunno if that helps but it might. have a great dayPa is in Eastern time zone - one hour ahead of Texas1 HourIf it is 10:00 p.m. in Pennsylvania it  is 9:00 p.m. in Dallas.   I hope this helps
August is still ski season, The  sun is brilliant , but early mornings  it can still be cool. . Wrap up well, good footwear and socks, scarf, wolly jersey and warm jacket, keep your legs warm , you 'll be ok, . I hope you are going there for the skiing, still great in August, some spring snow on the sunny slopes, and some ice, but well groomed.still pretty cold around august, make sure u have a puffer jacket/goosedown jacket, beanie, thermals, gloves, scarve, etc.  Drink a load of booze and you'll be right!!!  hope u enjoy your trip, my favourite placeJust picture Aspen, Park City, or Lake Tahoe in January... climate and dress code is about the same.Right now Queenstown New Zealand is about -2 at the coldest and +4 at the warmest. That isn't very warm.
They have pre-pass installed in the truck and when they pass under the pre-pass sensors just before the weight station, They are mounted on poles similar to street light poles, if the trucking company or driver has no history of running non-compliant a green light on the trucks dash lights up to tell the driver that they don't have to pull in the weigh station. A red light means that they have to pull into the weigh station.some trucks have a by pass tag in the cabwhen a weigh station is OPERATING all trucks over a certain number of pounds HAVE to stop.   . . That's the law.... . However... sometimes that law isn't enforced... so some truckers take a chance... and hope that there isn't a COP waiting for themI wish I knew.  Also, what I don't understand is why some weigh stations are open while just down the road another one is closed...It doesn't make sense!Some trucks have PrePass tag in there trucks which lets them bypass the weigh staionmostly prostitutesTrucks are always supposed to stop at weigh stations.They get a signal telling them not to stop. That happens when there are too many lining up and could become a hazard out on the hwy.Transfer trucks are required to stop at weight stations, reason being,  when a truck leaves the dock it has a certain amount of weight (cargo).  The weight stations weight the load to make sure there is not any excess weight, (it could be carrying drugs,people,etc) and plus the rigs are made to only carry certain amounts of weight.  It takes time for a rig to stop in an emergency, having to much weight could hinder a driver from stopping as fast.Hey i know because my dad is a director in a transport company, well you see there is a law in every country that states the highest  capacity  per truck in my country Kenya ,it is 33 tons but in the UK i think it is 24 tons ,if the truck curries more then the 33 tons in my country they get fined because a) it is dangerous for the roads ,might cause cracks b) its got to do with economics ,the government  wants transporters to use more fuel consumption  ,there by making sure that the truck curry a max of 33 tons so more trucks can be used because transporters like to overload and save fuel cost.. . Usually its the Weigh police that stops the trucks ,they cant stop all the trucks so they pick randomly  or the truck drivers themselves are making sure they haven't overloaded.it depends on the load they are carrying, how busy the weigh station is and if it has been "officially" weighed yet.  they receive a signal from the station if they need to stop.B-CUZ THE HEAVY WEIGHT TRUCKS HALF TO STOP B-CUZ THE PEOPLE HALF TO CHECK HOW MUCH EACH ONE WEIGHS  CUZ THE HEAVY WEIGHT TRUCKS MIGHT CAUSE THE ROADS TO LIKE CRACK OR BREAK WAT EVER I SHOULD KNOW MY UNCLE WORKS WITH THEM .!!All trucks must stop at all open weigh stations.  If truckers are skipping them they are breaking the law and just hoping not to get caught.  I don't actually know of many truckers that do this because it will show up in their records, they have to keep signed paperwork from weightstations and the trucking companies can fire them for skipping stations and they can get a ticket.   My dad is a trucker and I ride with him every once and a while and he got pulled over for speeding and the officer pulled all his records, his last weigh station records and also his mileage log (they keep track of mileage to make sure that truckers are sleeping and not driving like 48 hours straight).  It's all very regulated.  My dad's truck has GPS tracking and his company keeps track to make sure he's where he's suppose to be, sleeping when he's suppose to and stopping at weigh stations when he's suppose to.it sorta works like EZ pass. if you are from the Northeast you know what I am talking about. The info is beemd to the wieghstation when the truck passes the scale so the truck doesn't have to stop. Some trucks have it others dont.the ones that pass by, might be empty, but all of them that aren't have to stop just to make sure they aren't carrying more weight than they're supposed to be, otherwise they can't go on and someone has to come and take the extra weight from them
odd question!   liniar refers to in a line or a single straight measurement most times something with a capacity such as a suit casewould be measured by it's volume not linearly however the answer as asked would presumably be the single longest measurement in other words the length of the longest sideHeight PLUS width PLUS depth, including the wheels and handle.I agree with Flo but just wanted to add that you only have to take one measurement of each dimension and add them all together.Most suitcases sold are with in the guidelines set by the FAA.  You are allowed to check a bag that is up to 62 linear inches which is lenth + width+ height and 50lb or less for US domestic flights and some International depending on the airline.  Some Int'l airlines still accept 70lb for each bag.  Southwest is the only US domestic airline that accepts luggage up to 70lb each for free.Take the lenght x the width x the height for volume and just the lenght for a linear measurement.
greyhound nothing cheapership/ferrycheapest??? walking...hahahahaswim from the west caost to alsaka and you then take a cab. just kidding the cheapest way is to drive to alasakAirplane. It is the quickest and most cost efficient.bussheesh, too broad...where are you flying from?!  cali, oregon, wa?  fly to anchorage, ak...lots of flights out of seattle and yes, there are buses to homer, but im sure there are quicker ways to get there.  i took a bus there from anchorage in the sixth grade for class, so why wouldnt there be buses going there now, 20 years later.  not sure about greyhound, but princess tours and what not, check em outWalk there.
